So off we go with a real battle of the heavyweights in the Premier League Liverpool in red, Chelsea in blue, first against fourth on a rainy night at Anfield, what are you expecting Steve McManaman? I think we're all hoping for a wonderful game aren't we? Two great teams, great atmosphere, conditions look ideal nice little bit of rain so there's a zip about the conditions let's hope it shows how good these two teams are Liverpool built their early season form around fast energetic starts and a high press tactics that worked superbly when they beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in September that was Antonio Conte's first defeat as the Chelsea manager since that loss Chelsea have only been beaten three times in 19 matches in all competitions Liverpool have lost that many in the last 10 days, all of them here at Anfield Here's Adam Lallana Jordan Henderson whose only goal this season was at Stamford Bridge in that Liverpool win Lovren is the other Liverpool player who was on the score sheet at Stamford Bridge that night There's Coutinho and now Lovren two teams have played each other in some of the most dramatic games of the season domestic and European matches in recent seasons Chelsea haven't lost here for five years Jordan Henderson the only starter tonight who took part in that game Here's Coutinho and now Emre Can Coutinho now Lallana Liverpool have been neat and tidy in possession so far in the game Coutinho once more and now Lovren and then Marcus Alonso able to clear for Chelsea it's going to be an interesting tactical duel tonight Glenn Liverpool in the last three or four matches have been a little bit found out here at Anfield by the opposition yeah they have and they haven't had their top team they've got a top team out here tonight and they've started well Cletch they really have they're on the front foot but for me it's evident they're going to play their way you know Tottenham beat Chelsea the only team to beat Chelsea in a long long time and they're going to play their way Tottenham beat Chelsea the only team to beat Chelsea in a long long time and Spurs match them but it's interesting Liverpool now are going to play their normal system and see if they can beat Chelsea tonight playing that way got the early corner here Liverpool there's Mark Clattenburg who's the referee tonight but fresh from being named the best referee in the world for the last calendar year Philippe Coutinho with his first Liverpool corner of the night which is Rolton Lallana and then sent in dangerous play by Liverpool and then sent in dangerous play by Liverpool obviously David Luiz was in the thick of it there for Chelsea yeah it was a good defensive header wasn't it the ball comes in there there's a bit of holding going on but that's terrific defending from Luiz first in a really good position to defend it gradually and the clears the ball for Chelsea but this is a poor start for Chelsea they keep giving the ball away four or five times now you know in the first half but they've gone all the way ..Four or five times now the first three or four minutes, and it's enticing Liverpool to attack them. They've been rock solid, Chelsea, since the switch to three at the back. They've only conceded six goals in 16 league games. It's the 50th Premier League meeting between them tonight. Both teams have 19 wins each. Cahill heads it forward. Matic can pick it up for Liverpool and find Henderson. And now Milder. And Wijnaldum. Here's Emre Can. Firmino's made a little run here, and David Luiz able to track him through. What a start that is at the Emirates. Watford 2-0 up already. Against Arsenal. Younes Cabal and Troy Deeney with the early goals. And a couple of early ones as well at the Riverside in the game between Middlesbrough and West Brom. It's a busy night around the Premier League tonight. None of the games, though, as big as this one here between Liverpool and Chelsea. In terms of two teams in the top four. Liverpool looking to end this desperate run, and Chelsea at the moment, Steve, looking to conquer all before them in the Premier League. Yeah. They're in a very cage at the moment, Chelsea, aren't they? As Mikel Alonso takes a left forehand to his nose. Off Gigi Wijnaldum. It was accidental, wasn't it? He didn't know he was behind him. But it was a sore one, certainly. Marcos Alonso, who got a couple of goals in the recent win at Leicester. Become a key piece in this Chelsea team as a left wing back. And the first two is in front of Victor Moses, who spent a season on loan here during Brendan Rodgers' time at Liverpool. Only started six Premier League games in the Liverpool team that finished second that season under Rodgers. That's Firmino. Firmino. Now they're looking to switch it here to Clyne, who's in space. Clyne, a welcome returnee for Liverpool at right back tonight. Now Emre Can. On by Milder. Coutinho. Milder on the overlap, who was superbly found by Coutinho. And then Firmino in there for Liverpool, who was looking to tee up his captain, Jordan Henderson. And Golo Kante was defending there for Chelsea. Now Wijnaldum. Henderson. Run made here by Roberto Firmino and David Luiz across again. He's made a couple of good runs, Firmino. Whether it's the wet conditions, Emre Can overhits a pass before, and Jordan Henderson, I think, it overhit one, or Gio Wijnaldum, it overhit one. Just straight balls, Steve, weren't they? Yeah. They just... They've got to try and seek the little ball on the angle, but it's tough when you've got three centre-backs in there to create that run. Alonso looking to feed it through towards Hazard, who's not been on the ball as yet, nor has Diego Costa. Liverpool have controlled the early possession here at Anfield. The thing you would say is as soon as Chelsea do lose the ball, they just retreat, don't they, into their own half. He's got them well drilled, Conte. No messing around. If you lose it, let's get ten behind the ball. We can leave Diego Costa up front, as you can see by the possession stats there. I think it's quite a few times this season, when you see Chelsea start a game, they're on the back foot almost. They almost play the wing-backs. Look, like a back five they are now. They don't push the wing-backs forward too early in the game, but slowly but surely they take control. There's Coutinho. Conte in the vicinity for Chelsea. Now, Chan. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Henderson. The big problem here for Liverpool is having the possession against Chelsea doesn't guarantee chances because they're such an organised unit with all of these players in rigid defensive positions. It's worked so well for them as they've rocked to the top of the league table. Well, Liverpool have struggled to break through. They've got a lot of teams down lately, even in the FA Cup against lesser opposition. But they have to do something special if they're going to score tonight. Did you see that cross-field ball there from Henderson? And he's the spare one in there. You've got Matic and Conte square of each other. And he's the one there that's totally on his own. He can run the show. And he's got to make sure balls like that hit their target because whoever that player is, you've got the freedom of the park. Liverpool quite keen to try and practice. They're quite keen to try and press Chelsea as well, aren't they, as they play out from the back in the early moments. Matic can send one long and Roberto Firmino looking to ghost in behind them here. But David Luiz stepping in there for Chelsea. Alonso pressurised here by Wijnaldum. David Luiz clears it, but only to Henderson. And here's Henderson. Loveland to Milner. Philippe Coutinho. Firmino. Here's Henderson. Firmino. Milner. Victor Moses there to clear it away for Chelsea. Liverpool, though, win it straight back again. Here's Emre Can. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. And here's Mourinho. Henderson's ball in towards Adam Lallana and away by his England team-mate Gary Cahill. Liverpool continue to ask the early questions here at Anfield. Ten minutes gone, 0-0, and Liverpool have dominated the possession so far. They're now in the second seed. That's Emre Can. Here's Wijnaldum. Can. . . . . . FANS ROAR Neatly done by Lallana, and here's Coutinho. And still Coutinho. He's got the ball caught under his feet, but he's able to find Jorginho, and that's a good shot. And the first save made tonight by Chivo Courtois. Throw-in taken quickly here by Firmino to Henderson. And N'Golo Kante in there quickly for Chelsea. Here's Henderson. And now Milda. Adam Lallana is offside. It was close. It was close. Fully enough, the Liverpool chance came from a big, tough field. Good skill by Coutinho. Forza, Wijnaldum in the end, who takes the shot. It was a simple enough save, I thought, for Courtois. Someone of his stature should be saving that. It just builds a little bit of pressure. But it shows that sometimes you don't need to keep on passing in central areas where it's very congested. You see Sadio Mane there on the Liverpool bench. Jurgen Klopp resisted the temptation to put him in from the start. Came back on a private jet from the Africa Cup of Nations, where he was playing with Senegal. Liverpool have only won one of the seven matches while he's been away. They've missed him, haven't they? They've missed him a lot. He's a good sub, isn't he, tonight, whether Liverpool are winning the match or losing the match. If Chelsea have to come at them, it'd be a great sub to come in. And here you see Costa, he just goes to ground. Good skill playing off his back, but looking for the foul. Didn't comment too much on it, because you could see that there wasn't an awful lot in it involving Diego Costa. Still here, though, isn't he? The window shuts tonight, all the talk about China during January, but he's here, 18 goals for club and country so far this season, and he's scored in eight of his last 12 Premier League matches for Chelsea. Pretty much the perfect fit, isn't he, as a central striker for this Chelsea team? It's brilliant that he's still here. Let's hope he stays for as long as possible. There's Henderson, David Luiz in there quickly. Despite having a handful of Adam Lallana's shirts, although Mark Clattenburg said that Lallana was fouling Luiz as well. Jordan Henderson wanted him to spin in the gap behind him. He steps forward, Lallana there, and he wanted him to spin behind and play the ball over the top. Chelsea have got to keep the ball, this is a good free kick for them. First time the game's really settled down, and they've got to keep the ball, he's given it away straight away, and they're coming back, the red shirts are coming straight back at Chelsea again. Chelsea have got to find a way of getting out on the ball and get some possession. There's Antonio Conte, 55 points from his first 22 matches for Chelsea, equals the start made by Jose Mourinho in his first season at the club, which is the joint best start that any manager's made to a Chelsea career. And that's what's happened in the last two matches. That's Tullio Cueta, seemed to know what he was doing. Did he get a pass for that? Passed himself. Here's Alonso, and now Matic, who's not been mentioned much so far. Been mentioned a little bit more than Eden Hazard, who's just not been in the game at all, has he? Hazard has scored on three of his last four trips here to Anfield. Hasn't been a factor so far for Chelsea, who have found it hard to keep the ball. Following Liverpool's bright start. Here's Hazard now. Conte made it back to him, he let it run towards Diego Costa, and the alert Wijnaldum was waiting for it behind him. And Alana did well to win the header. Here's Victor Moses, the first opportunity he's had to get forward from right wing-back, supported here by Willian, and he's overrun it. And it's a Liverpool throw-in. It was a really difficult ball by Victor Moses, he didn't do Willian any favours at all. See Willian jesting, just to calm the pass down a little bit. Chantel Alana, plenty of space here for the right-back, Nathaniel Clyne. Now Coutinho... Oh! All the runners, Adam Lallana, that's a great run as well for Alana. He sussed out exactly what was on, they had loads of room down this side. Alonso pushed in tight, and it's a shame he couldn't find him with the pass. Coutinho, because Lallana was right in round the back. Plattenberg speaking to the manager there, Antonio Conte booted the ball away in disgust. On the pitch you'd get a yellow card, I don't know what it is if you're off the pitch. Well, let's bring in Howard Webber, who's watching it. Howard, Steve said there if you kick the ball away as a player you get a yellow card, it's just a ticking off for Antonio Conte. Yeah, I think Mark's right to tick him off as well. It's frustration, it's not on Mark, it's his own team, I think with word of advice. Just to calm him down is absolutely right under Sir Kaj. Thank you, Howard. We'll of course bring Howard into the commentary when the big decisions need debating during the course of the night, but it's been an encouraging 16.5 minutes for Liverpool, who needed this after the three defeats. Well, even the manager... The manager couldn't find the blue shirt when he did pass it. No, they haven't passed the ball well enough, but they're prepared to do this, you've seen them this year. They've got that magic in them, even in the last third, they haven't got in there yet, but you know you can't sleep on Chelsea, even if they're not in the game, they've got these players that can just turn it on, but Liverpool certainly have come out really well. Pressing, energy, the crowd are behind them. I suppose from a Chelsea standpoint, Steve, they'll look to the fact they haven't had the ball much for 17 minutes, but just the one long-range shot. So far, Liverpool from Jorginho Wijnaldum. Yeah, even when you're struggling, you can always just drop back and get into shape and be very solid, and that's what Chelsea are. They haven't had the ball, they haven't looked competitive at all going forward, but they've looked rock solid at the back. Only 23 passes so far completed by Chelsea. They've got a free kick now, though, for that foul by Matip on Diego Costa. He's got a free kick, but he's got a free kick. He turns well, Costa. See if there's much contact. Certainly an arm. Yeah, he stamps on his foot, his left foot. I told Matip he's now officially retired from Cameroon, hence why he's back in the Liverpool team. He suffered his first defeat as a Liverpool player in the League Cup semi-final against Southampton. Costa needs to change his boots. Yeah. He's got to get out. Here's Matic. He's closed down quickly there by Roberto Firmino, didn't have the time that he thought he'd got. Here's Clyne. I think it's important he can stay in this position. Well, if he's got time that he needs it, he can go down. I think one thing we have seen, Glenn, from a Liverpool standpoint, with 19 minutes on the clock, the fact that... By the way, there's Diego Costa, new boots and all, is the fact they've pressed a lot more than we've seen in recent home matches. There's a bit more energy about Liverpool. That was sloppy from Matip. And now Victor Moses is forward here for Chelsea, Hazard's made the run, Milner got across. It's the first time, though, Steve, that the Liverpool defence has been a bit stretched. And they were stretched due to a mistake by Matip, this is a simple enough pass. He just gets it all wrong, doesn't he? And once Hazard's on to him, feeds Victor Moses, he wanted him to do something, drop a shoulder, create a bit of space, but he just goes for the shot, which Milner was always gonna block. THEY CHANT Willian's out to take the Chelsea corner, which was in towards Matic and away by Wijnaldum. Here's Kante. That's Pellequeta. And an offside flag-up against Gary Cahill. Yeah, they push out really quickly, Liverpool's on play, as you can see. Good feet from Coutinho. Now Clyde. Wijnaldum. Love run out to Milner, he's found plenty of space out there on the Liverpool left so far. Henderson turns it on to Coutinho, who can't find Emre Can, away by Azpilicueta. It's hard, they'll fletch in it, cos Liverpool's spare men are Nathaniel Clyne and James Milner, and they're picking the ball up, but... It's hard to see the ball up so deep. Because Chelsea have got their wing-backs back in formation in defence, it's hard for them to do anything positive. They're not gonna take the wing-backs on, because the defensive minds are players. Here's Coutinho, Milner's made a good run here from left-back, and that was where it was going to. Victor Moses was in the right place, it's been a real strength of his game this season, Victor Moses, not renowned as a defensive player, but seems to get his positioning right in the main, and then pop up in decent attacking positions. He's found Willian with this ball, and Matip across to get the block on it, Chelsea get the throw in. That's how dangerous they are on the blade. Blink of an eye and they're in behind you, they've got players that can make runs off the ball, and if Willian had seen Costa earlier, he was in. Too much on the way of movement here from Moses. Here's David Luiz, both of them as Chelsea debuts, have been in games against Liverpool. Away by Lovren. There's Matic. Alonso to Cahill. Chelsea defenders have bought into the system, haven't they? You see Cahill come really wide when the goalkeeper has it, as Pellequeta on the other side, making the pitch nice and big. No free kick given there to Chelsea by Mark Clattenburg, but Willian had spotted any potential danger and got back in there for Chelsea. Chan beats Hazard, and then... Mourinho was stood offside. Just a little bit slow coming back, wasn't he? But you just saw Willian's hard work there, they saw Moses out of position as a wing-back, and he got himself so quickly back into position, made the tackle. That's what Chelsea are about as well, it's not all the pretty football and the shape that they've got, it's the hard work that Kante's got them playing. There's N'Golo Kante. And now Hazard has got Alonso supporting him out wide, and having Lallana chucking back, and Mark Clattenburg had a look at that and then gives the free kick Chelsea's way. I don't think it was a foul, I think he lost control and then he was contact. I think he knees the ball too far ahead of him, or kicks it there, loses control of it and then he falls into each other. I think it is with his knee, yeah, it comes off his right knee, and then he barges into Lallana then. He's actually put his right leg across him, yeah. He's put his right leg across him, yeah. He's got a foul, it's cute, but as a referee you've got to smell that one. That's one, I think, if you're an ex-player, you see that. You see it straight away, yeah. He lost control of it as well, didn't he? Yeah. It's a fair distance out this, but it's the kind of situation that Willian was so effective at for Chelsea last season. It's hit by David Luiz! And he's completely flat-footed, N'Golo. David Luiz flies Chelsea ahead with the most audacious of free kicks. Well, it was the most clever of free kicks, Fletch, cos that was a set move that... The wall of the Liverpool players were absolutely bamboozled, and so was the goalkeeper, nobody was watching what was happening. Nobody was watching the ball. He must have had to say so off Clattenburg that he can take the free kick. And what a strike, look at the ball, everybody staring at each other, and he flies it into the back of the net with dip. Whoa! And that... But Millionaire's not even got his position right from lining the wall up. And I think Klopp's having a little bit of a moan about this. Did he blow the whistle? Did Clattenburg blow the whistle? But it's a fantastic technique, what a free kick. Well, James Milner's still talking, but he must have got to say so, Glenn, or he would have blew, wouldn't he, the referee? Well, it's David Luiz's first goal back in a Chelsea shirt, the first one he's scored for almost four years, the last one was at Craven Cottage against Fulham in April 2020, 2013, he's walked on to that one, and hit an absolute piece of a free kick with Liverpool not expecting it. And against the run of play, the Premier League leaders have gone a goal ahead here through David Luiz. And Liverpool, for all the early possession, find themselves behind in remarkable circumstances here. It's wonderful technique, the side of his foot, he's caught the keeper, napping, and everyone thought... Willem was gonna take it, was lining up to bend it over the top of the wall, and he just saw it, came through and passed him and said, I'll have this. Let's just bring in Howard Webb on it. Howard, the boys were asking about how the procedure is, about when you can take a free kick, how does that work in that situation? Well, obviously, Mark could allow a quick free kick, but in this case, Fletch, he doesn't, he actually sets the wall up with the vanishing spray, there's quite a long time between the award of the free kick and the kick being taken, we're having a look now to see if he blows the whistle, but I think, to be fair, there's quite a long distance between the wall being set and the ball being kicked, I think the goalkeeper's just not set himself, so I think Mark's exonerated on this occasion, but we'll have a look and see if the whistle was actually blown. Thank you, Howard. It's always a difficult one, isn't it, to work out what the situation is around the free kick, when it takes that amount of time. Yeah, but you wouldn't actually say it was a quick free kick, not in the least, would you? It took a long, long time. It's just the wall, I think Coutinho breaks off the wall, turns it from a four-man wall to a three-man wall, and Mignolet's not set. But either way, it's a wonderful free kick. A tough strike by David Luiz. Here's Kante. Tackling back there for Liverpool was Firmino. Now, Clyde, we are hearing that, having looked back at the replay, you can quite distinctly hear Mark Clattenburg blow the whistle about four seconds before David Luiz hits the free kick, so if that is the case, there can be no complaints at all from Liverpool. I wouldn't necessarily have any complaints anyway. There was plenty of time to get your walls set and your defensive shape in order, no problem with that. When you see it again, you actually see Mignolet walking to his left, he's going back to the other side of the goal. And it goes from Milner, helped on there by Lallana, and then away by Matic for Chelsea. Such a difficult team, aren't they, to create chances against, because of the organisation and the size of them back there defensively. Let's have a look at this then, with the free kick. Yeah, there's the replay there, and there's right-hand. I don't know what happened, Mignolet... Mignolet's not set, he's shouting at his defence for some reason. And he just whips in behind him, doesn't he, and does that? We mentioned that it was a bit far for William, it's certainly not as far for David Luiz. I think even if he was set, Steve, I don't know where he would have got to. He hits the post and goes in, wonderful technique. With the side foot, you see a lot of players hit that. With the instep, he's got this technique on the side foot that he can play over, and here we see Hazard getting fouled, and as I said earlier, Chelsea's slowly growing in this game. There's the man who's got the all-important goal, David Luiz. Jordan Henderson still debating it here with Mark Klattenberg, I'm pretty sure he's talking about the goal for David Luiz, is he, rather than what we've just seen? Maybe querying the foul as well. Well, we said it wasn't a foul, didn't we? We did say that, maybe they are complaining about that, but it's gone now. There's nothing you can do about it. And Willian's ball in, and Mignolet has to deal with another one. David Luiz was in there in a different way this time. Was David Luiz and Matic free as a bear? We had it against Wolverhampton Wanderers the other day, look at that. 2-1-2! How can the two blue shirts be allowed to get goal-side? Liverpool's defence, you saw it against Wolves, they're not going back together. The timing's all wrong. Willian with the short corner to Hazard. Now Kante. And now Henderson can come the other way. And it's a slip by Firmino. A slip by Kante, buys Firmino a bit of time. And Clyne's got forward in support, so has Adam Lallana. Kante, though, among the best in the business in those kinds of situations. Hazard then looking to combine with Diego Costa, and Mignolet there to clear for Liverpool. David Luiz pumps it forward again towards Diego Costa, who is already involved in the physical altercations, with Joel Matic. It's getting very physical, David Luiz throws an arm out there to Firmino. He got away with that one. Bench not happy about that as well, right in front of him, and he's a two o'clock now going across to the official. I think he was expecting contact, Lennon, it never came, so he just threw his arm out, didn't he? What a form of a throw-in, taken quickly by chance, and Lallana, Firmino waiting in the middle, so was Nemanja Matic for Chelsea. Really huge. He's heating up now, this one, Emre Can. Milner's coming in at the far post, and Askelay Quetta was defending that part of the pitch for Chelsea. Liverpool corner. David Luiz has gone down, as you can see, over the back of his knee. This is the defensive header here from Askelay Quetta, he does well. It's a problem here for David Luiz, who all of a sudden is involved in pretty much everything in the game. Yeah, well, John Terry's off and about straight away, so hopefully it's not too bad for David Luiz, but he goes down, minimal contact, so... your hope is OK. CHAMPIONS LEAGUE CHANTING CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH CHANTING IN FRENCH There's John Terry, who is the able deputy, should David Luiz not be able to carry on. This is where it happened. He doesn't look too bad there, does he? Well, it's getting worse. PANICING Most things that he's touched so far as the Chelsea manager have turned to gold, and his... one big moment in the game so far, David Luiz, was a golden finish, wasn't it, for Chelsea? He's gonna have further treatment and make sure that he can actually carry on in the match while John Terry warms up, and in the meantime, Liverpool have this corner. Which is delivered into a good area, Thibaut Courtois is coming towards it, there were one or two appeals there for handball against Matic, who signalled straight away that he felt it hit the chest. Back in again towards Matic, and all the way through for a goal kick to Chelsea. Yes, Courtois comes for this, doesn't he? Yes, Courtois comes for this, doesn't he? Yes, Courtois comes for this, doesn't he? There's no handball, is there? No way you can give it for anything like that. I think it hits Matic on the chest, to be honest. Premier League tonight, half past ten it starts, we'll talk about this game and round before the transfers on transfer deadline day. More Premier League football for you tomorrow night, West Ham against Manchester City, BT Sport 1HD and 4K UHD. From seven o'clock... David Luiz back on the field here for Chelsea, although not moving particularly freely and comfortably at the moment. See him here, yeah, he's not as he... I mean, there's able deputies, isn't he, as you see John Terry and Kurt Zouma, John Terry sat down, Kurt Zouma, I think, oh, no, John Terry's still got a touchline, but Kurt Zouma's warming up as well, so take your pick. I think the fact if it is Luiz is in the centre of the back three, John Terry could probably be the choice, I don't know, but if it was one of the outsides, you'd be a bit reluctant then. So Liverpool find themselves behind at home again, Chelsea have been excellent front-runners this season, they've won 18 of 19 games when they scored the first goal, and drew the other one away to Swansea. I think that's the worrying aspect for Liverpool, Fletcher, in recent games they haven't been ahead, have they? When they've been trailing, they've found it difficult to break teams down. Because they like to penetrate through the centre of the field, that's where Chelsea are at their strongest. You see the substitutes warming up, including Thierry O'Mahony. Won by Moses, only to Henderson, the last touch there off Aspel Equator. Liverpool have taken tri-January to new levels, haven't they, in terms of scoring goals. They've been really struggling to create genuine chances in games. A wonderful, wonderful bit of skill from Hazard there, just drew three Liverpool players in and flicked it past them and choked them away. Wonderful to watch. Here's Victor Moses, Milner with some defending to do, and he's able to squeeze the cross in, which Matip dealt with, with Diego Costa breathing down his neck. See, that's what Liverpool miss Fletcher, it's Liverpool miss getting to those type of areas near the byline and getting crosses in. But the defenders have to turn around and find it awkward to clear the lines. At the moment, Chelsea are clearing the lines really easy. Despite the fact that Liverpool have been struggling for goals, it is the top-scoring team in the Premier League, Liverpool, against the best defence in Chelsea. Although statistics can often be misleading when you look at recent form, the fact that Chelsea have scored as well means it's now 14 games between these two since Liverpool last kept a clean sheet in a match against Chelsea. And since the David Luiz goal, there's been a real swing in terms of possession, Liverpool dominating before Chelsea got the goal. And it's been done by Lovren. Cahill beaten to it there by Firmino, and then Lallana, and that's going to be a Liverpool free kick. One England player on another one, Gary Cahill on Adam Lallana. Yeah, it was a free kick, it was accidental though, no problem with that. You see Gary Cahill's looking at the ball, isn't he? Here's Coutinho. CHAMPIONS LEAGUE Chant-o-matic. He's been the most progressive of Liverpool's centre-backs so far, the one who's been more likely to step forward. It's hard though, isn't it, when Liverpool slow it down and knock it from side to side, Chelsea just jump behind the ball. Look how many men Liverpool are going to have to break down now. Here's Diego Costa doing a stint. They have to move the ball quicker. In all honesty, Steve, it's the same tactics employed by Southampton in the Cup semi-final... Of course. ..which they did on Saturday against Wolves in the FA Cup. Yeah. You can see all of the half-time scores in tonight's earlier Premier League matches crawling through the bottom of the screen. At the moment it's turning into another good night for the leaders. Chelsea are still behind, Tottenham drawing, and Liverpool on the other end of the Chelsea goal here. It's a good chance. Firmino to Coutinho. The two Brazilians looking to combine for Liverpool. Now Milner. Coutinho. Here's Wijnaldum, who's had the only opportunity so far in the game for Liverpool. Nathaniel Clyne. And then through to Courtois. And more Premier League football to tell you about on BT Sport. Tottenham against Middlesbrough, that's on Saturday, our usual start time of 5 o'clock. And then the following weekend, Liverpool against Tottenham, another big one, revolving around the challenges in the top six in the Premier League. 5 o'clock start for that one as well on 1HD and 4K UHD. Willian hits that one. And it was always looking to be too high from the moment he struck it. Yeah, he fancied it, didn't he? Victor Moses made a really nice run to the side of him, but... tunnel vision, the blinkers were out for Willian, he took a shot on. I'm gonna be honest, Glenn, since we sat together at the Emirates and saw Arsenal beat Chelsea 3-0 and asked a lot of questions about Antonio Coutinho, Antonio Conte and his team that day, they've made the Premier League look very easy from that point on. Well, with the change of system, yes, what they went into at 3-0 down, he thought, no, that's how I played with Italy and other teams, Juventus, and that's exactly what he wanted to do. He was forced into it in many ways, but since then they've been absolutely brilliant. And they've played together now. This team is almost one change here or there. And you look at Leicester winning it last year, you looked at Leicester's team and you knew Leicester's team. They've played a week out, they've played the same team, same shape, and it's working brilliantly for them. That's what I've really liked, he's been really proactive in his changes, hasn't he, Conte? We were at the Arsenal game and they were the shadow of the team they were, now he's got Hazard working really hard, tracking back, Costa's working hard, he's put unfashionable players in positions like Mikel Alonso and Victor Moses, and they're all doing a wonderful job. And he deserves everything he's got, Conte, he's worked wonders with this Chelsea side. It's been a relatively comfortable first half for them as well, leading 1-0 with less than five minutes to go before the break. A wonderfully struck free kick from David Luiz, who's got a style all of his own from that kind of situation. Here's Firmino, and now Clyne. David Luiz able to get back there for Chelsea, and clear, Liverpool get the corner. Still doesn't look too comfortable though, does he, David Luiz, after that injury? Oh, puff of the cheeks. Matty and Lovren have gone forward for the corner, which is taken by Coutinho, flushed in front of the face of Roberto Firmino. Back in by Milner, in towards Emre Can and then the flag rings. Chelsea keen to get on with it. Victor Moses. Diego Costa on the move, John Matic there for Liverpool. And then a big one for Liverpool, and then a big one for Liverpool. A big one for Liverpool. Good one for Liverpool, a big one for Liverpool, and then a big one for Liverpool. And then a big one for Liverpool. It could be an issue for Sadio Mane, Steve, who went out to warm up. The other Liverpool subs are still out there, and he sat back down and they've applied ice to his left knee. Yeah, over his tracksuit bottoms as well. Hopefully he's alright, hopefully it's just... Could be a heat pad. I just presumed it would be ice, and then it doesn't look like it when you see it up close, does it? But whatever it is, it doesn't bode well, does it, for a player that you might want to come off the bench and provide an impact for you in the match. This is the foul for the goal, Fletch. I've seen it 25 times now and I still don't think it was a foul. I think he got away with it, but there's nothing wrong with this. That wall is set, goalkeeper's not ready. Pfff. What a beaut. What a beaut. To be able to score your first goal since coming back. Moses in with a really solid challenge on Milner. Big problem for Jurgen Klopp at half-time is how to unnerve this Chelsea team. They're really comfortable. They're not in the game at the moment, and passes like that from Wijnaldum won't remedy the situation. He's gonna have to change it, right? He's gonna have to do something to change the formation of how they play. Because banging down the middle of the park all the time is not gonna score against Chelsea. That's where the nation's strong. They have to get in the full-back areas, the wing-back behind the wing-backs, and try and utilise that space. Coutinho with the step-over. Now Milner, Lallana's on the move in the box. Instead, here's Firmino, and Asper Leclerc out there quickly for Chelsea. Such a well-oiled machine at the back, aren't they, the Premier League leaders? Offside. Milner saying he's passed it back. The ball's gone backwards there, hasn't it? Yeah, I think so. That's what he was saying. I think this referee down here must be cold, his arms must be cold, he put his flag right up in the air. That's Richard West, the assistant over there. That's a yellow card there, Mark Klatenberg, I wonder if that's for Courtois. I think it might well be a yellow card for Firmino. We'll just get verification on that, probably for something he said in the aftermath of the free kick that was given to Chelsea. Here's Henderson, and now Milner. Emre Can. So many similarities to this first half that we saw here on Saturday against Wolves. Two additional minutes. Wolves intended for Milner, but he's always going to ask a lot of questions if Liverpool's left.