Michael Oliver, Bournemouth in the black and red stripes get us underway on a perfect playing pitch here in the usual full house, around 11,000 in the Premier League's smallest stadium incidentally Bournemouth have just announced that they are actively seeking a site for a new ground they really can't extend any further here a club that looks to the future all the time, spent more money in the last transfer window than they've ever spent before and mainly on young players with an eye to the future and they're changing strip of yellow shirts on the defensive here first header away by Mustafi who's been out for three games with a hamstring problem and a first touch for Petr Cech who really launched that one Ake heads clear good turn there in the centre keeping Bournemouth temporarily on the front foot here there's Charlie Daniels, half of his family incidentally are Arsenal fans and the other half apparently are Tottenham supporters Mustafi gives away the throw that's fast and furious isn't it ball hasn't settled at all, it's quick, it's everything Bournemouth want to do pitch is greasy the atmosphere is great, they'll be looking to get right at Arsenal Chesh King and then the goalie, the goalie, the goalie, the goalie long ball by Harriata, easy for Cech to collect Cech being the only Arsenal man who's started every league game now Moussa Mbenga freshening up his team tonight in fact both sides have made three changes from their last holiday fixture Daniels to Ake, he came back for the last game against Swansea didn't play against Chelsea the club that holds his contract and they all boot into it in the air but that is an Arsenal throw just looking how Arsenal lined up Awobi is actually out on the right wing and Ramsey's in central key to what Arsenal can bring in terms of service and supply to Giroud, Sanchez and here's Bellerin who's attacking runs and crosses from the right hand side are a really big part of Arsenal's strength going forward good lay off there by Xhaka keeping Arsenal in the shape now of Alexis Sanchez on the front foot Bellerin wanting it again on the right it's Iwobi in possession though Ramsey beaten to it in the tackle but Sanchez picks up the second ball here and picks out Bellerin his cross dangerous sick loaded over here but Seedl like we'll see As you'll therefore learn about Rafinha in a bit Lokomotiv 05 JJ Roaza rob esto l buyer OMIR Payt youtube Iam White it's Boya he runs it he's a simply involving falei the 2007 World Cup Paul Favart He's given it away here to Iwobi, who gets it back again in a threatening position. Tracker moving it on to the left. Alexis Sanchez. The ball was intended for Ramsey. Well read by Boruts in the Bournemouth goal. Started bright, Arsenal, haven't they? They're zipping it around. Bournemouth trying to get at them with good passing so far from Arsenal. A feature. A crucial game this for us in Van Gaal. If Arsenal were to lose tonight, they could find themselves 12 points behind Chelsea by this time tomorrow night. Steve Pukkin in the cross to take what looks like a long throw-in. He made the error that led to a goal when Bournemouth lost 3-1 at Arsenal. So. What a determination on his part to do something special tonight. One back by Francis for Bournemouth. Mariata in the centre, finding Charlie Daniels. Back to Ake. Pukkin. A touch there, and really William Shaka to win it back. Kokanat a little slow to spot the danger. And that enables Bournemouth to get in the first meaningful shot of the game. Yeah. Bit of a gift there to King. Poor play. You'll see. And Waites doesn't see Bournemouth player over his right shoulder. Maybe a bit much task to beat Petr Cech from there. Well, it was one of those 50-50 decisions for the referee. Michael Oliver deciding it was a foul by Ake. Rather than Giroud. Well, I'm not certain. I think Giroud was looking around. He hasn't got his eye on the ball, and he's trying to get in the way. That said, a bit overzealous from Ake. On the way out. Sanchez to his left. Goal! It was a clever ball, but again, Boruc was really concentrating. And quick to react. Move up! There's Cook. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Bournemouth won 3-0 at Swansea on New Year's Eve to move on to 24 points. At this stage last season, they were only three points above the relegation places. Now they're in the top half of the table. Down the line by Simon Francis. Offside the decision. Yeah, Wilson just straight a yard too early. Took charge of Bournemouth for the first time on this very date eight years ago. They were one place off the bottom of lead two and facing relegation to the conference. And they lost 2-1 at Darlington to a last-minute goal. Could he ever have believed on that day they would be here tonight facing the mighty Arsenal. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! That's nice. So he got off with the Vaut iPod. Now I'd like to Nick Toedo and Free managed golden box. Namaste. Nembulous. Jenny CAM grated right in on it. SmurkgWhere do they reckon they're coming out. B shall we? Francis on the right Skipper did well it's a good ball too Wilson's well placed in the centre here King joining him as well a little over elaborate perhaps there now they sure did, could have come in a lot earlier good play though, opened up Arsenal really well good positive start here from the home side, the ball in the middle aimed at King Fraser getting on the end of it as well and now Daniels and he wins the first corner of the game for Bournemouth strong play from Bournemouth all sorts of pressure once they got the ball in, it should have come in a lot earlier of course, in the first phase the crowd enjoyed that short to Daniels and at the edge of the box is Arta Daniels again Arta lining up the shot and straight into the mid-rip of check yeah and he's done really well to hold on to it because I think it swerved a little and two Bournemouth players are going in looking for crumbs from the shot you can see a bit of movement on the ball it's Aikens that hears one Wilson just behind him they're bright and breezy aren't they Bournemouth and Stanislas as you mentioned before kick off such a key man, three goals this season and he's been involved in a whole lot more in terms of uh... laying on chances for his teammates Iwobi doing well Monza doing even better Beyrin Xhaka Coquelin it's a good early ball to Sanchez poor attempted clearance there Xhaka has it back for Arsenal Sanchez again Monreal with the cross and Daniels couldn't take chances concedes the corner that's right Iwobi creeping in at the back post might have got in there a little bit earlier I'm sure Carson Bengt would say to him to come flying in at that back post if you can as it's developing out that far side Daniels taking no chances Giroud such a dangerous header of the ball being closely marked but the corner was disappointingly short City and Etulian vere de Mourinho hands down Randle pass officials the first half of the season. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They are greatfrei. Good ball from Bor Keeping. Good ball from Bor Keeping. Gunsling to King. Gunsling to King. Three, two, one. Faring. Calmly done by Ake. Steve Cook has played every minute in the Premier League for Bournemouth this season. Stanislas. It's a good ball for Wilson if he gets there. Cech had to make the challenge. The home fan screaming penalty. Michael Oliver says play on. A very important touch he gets there. Petr Cech. Great ball from Stanislas. And Arsenal have it back now with Ramsey. Good work to regain his balance so quickly. And find Iwobi. Back again to Ramsey. Ake deals with the cross. Here's Behrin. First really controversial moment of the game now. Yeah. Well he had to decide whether Petr Cech gets a touch. What a wonderful ball in. It splits him just as he gets a touch. Yeah you can see it. As Callum Wilson gets a little touch on the ball. There's enough on it there from Petr Cech to say it was really good goalkeeping. The best moment of the game so far for Bournemouth. And Stanislas behind it. Correct decision. Michael Oliver. Ake. Ake. To play it out from the backboard move. It's Celeny's clearance. Which is Ake again. Ake. Ake. Chase. Ganesh. And to Daniels. And the wasteful, by Charlie Daniels. Can't score many goals Bournemouth. But as I mentioned before kick off they have made a big improvement defensively compared to last season. When only the bottom club Aston Villa conceded more goals in the Premier League. And with a neat and tidy side in possession. Dan Gosling. Here's Ake. He can change it as well with a long ball like that. Shaka. Sloppy from him. Here's Daniels. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Ramsey free on the right. Sanchez has spotted him. And he's now offside. He's not gone for the ball. He's playing when he shouldn't have been given offside because Iwobi was coming in later than him. And you know, it's just pity for Sanchez here. They didn't quite see him at the right time. It takes a bounce here and he looks up and he just doesn't get it under control and therefore the run is spoiled. Later on, Iwobi has... He has a shout. He puts his hands up in the air. The flag had gone up by then. Arsenal have actually lost their last two away games but they still have an impressive record on the road. Five wins out of nine. Dozlik. Overloaded down that right-hand side here, Bournemouth. Francis helps it on. Stanislas with the cup. Back. Be alert there because Cioni... Right play again from Bournemouth. Okay. Francis. There's Dozlik. He was in acres of space on the other side of the field. He just didn't spot him. Now he's been spotted. And he's still in space. He can hit this. And scores! Bournemouth take the lead. Arsenal stunned. Charlie Daniels the scorer. Wow, he's done terrific. He's waited so patiently for the ball to come out of him. Bellerin gets sucked in. Have a look at Bellerin, 24 on the screen. He's not looking over his shoulder. He's more worried about Fraser. There's a huge gap left behind him. That's poor from him. Lovely. Ping ball. A lot more still to do. He's kept onside. Looks to shoot. Cuts inside. A really good fullback. And a great finish. Wonderful moment for Charlie Daniels. Did everything so well. Bid his time. Showed great composure. And a wonderful finish. And that's rocked Arsenal. Bellerin won't enjoy looking at his defensive approach there. But never mind. Charlie Daniels. He's delighted with how things unfolded. He's got a good chance of winning. And that'll delight half his family and friends. The Tottenham half. Arsenal concede for the first time in three games. Xhaka keeps possession just about. Sanchez. Puno. We zal ce comparable. An letter to the man lambu. Here. Very ignore etcetera collapsing. Hmmm. David Holocaust will not curve, meaning Snaresدا won't keep Control. Ba而 inn. Ian Loose. It was Ramsey. Chi midle for Giroud. And Andre Ramsey got there first. And fine Giroud. For the end by Steve Cook. And. . . . It seems he has a knock around the ankle there. What a start then for Eddie Howe's team. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The State of Boulogne Kissed the left foot Claims he is lage Bravo Boulogne It is about time one ofiggered Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! And he gets a nudge. And the referee points to the spot. Bournemouth have a penalty. What drama here. Well, Xhaka goes in really heavy. He's a yard inside the box from what I saw. And it's clumsy. Fraser's going down the outside. And you see he just reaches out and pushes him over, bundles him over, just as he gets inside the box. That is careless play from Xhaka. No need to get involved to that extent. Wow, he's caused his manager a huge problem now. Bournemouth have scored all four penalties they've had this season. Three different takers. But the man who'll take this one is the man who scored when they lost 3-1 at Arsenal in November. Callum Wilson. And he has scored again. Bournemouth 2, Arsenal 0. Only 20 minutes gone. Oh, a cut well and truly amongst the pigeons now. Xhaka, very poor play indeed. Bellerin at fault for the first. They've got to regroup now, Arsenal. But well done, Bournemouth. Not the most convincing penalty. Probably saw the goalkeeper move at the last second and manages to get it home. But the incident, he's just got to hold him up here. He's going down towards the violin, but he reaches out and just bundles the player over. It doesn't look so obvious in slow motion, but as he gets there, it's just a reach out and a push and full-time flight. It looked poor, and I think the referee is correct to give the penalty. No hesitation. Michael Oliver making full advantage in the build-up to that goal of the advantage rule. Great refereeing. What Xhaka at? There's Ramsey. And to Cotterland. Sanchez on the edge of the box with the shot. Angry reaction by Arsenal's leading goalscorer. Yeah, I think he's had a word or two there with Ramsey. They're at each other. They're going at each other again now. Ramsey wanted it played in. He's still going over talk to him. He's cocking a deaf one. Sanchez to Ramsey's ramblings and a little bit of anger. And just made... He's got a little bit of a play amongst the Arsenal players. Well, the really surprising thing is that Arsenal have a reputation for always starting games strongly. Before tonight, they were the only team in the Premier League who hadn't conceded a goal in the opening 15 minutes. Francis. Bournemouth scoring twice in the space of less than five minutes. Gaze. And he was here on that dramatic Sunday when they beat Liverpool by four goals to three, having been seemingly outplayed in the first half, particularly. At the moment, it's Arsenal who have all the problems in the first half. There's the attempts now. Paul Phillips. before they've been strong arsene only one that was sancho's shot a moment or two ago and that's gonna have to really book for ideas and it's absolutely essential that they get the next goal okay daniels oh wilson's head francis here's ake daniels let's call from him giving away to ramsey that's the only place to win it back until he wanted back though from his goalkeeper i didn't know where the ball was for a moment the woe be certainly dead here he is again poor this time the frances who hits it early for stanislas we've got pace to take on castelny here they can play so many ways born immediately they can play a ball over the top they can be neat and tidy so many strings to their boat and they have won most of their points at home this season in contrast to last season and they actually picked up more on the road now two guys are good and wilson having trouble getting the ball back to the net and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net in trouble getting out i thought a free kick it's happy it will be one really out that's castelny Frances, and Puck now has gone down injured. He's holding the back of his hamstring here. Looks in discomfort, the left hamstring. More problems for Arsenal on Nene away from international duty and Bolo and Arsene Wenger to work some magic now. Cotterland a really important player for them. His tenacious tackling really compliments Arsenal's more technical midfield players. Changelin with a very impressive late cameo as a substitute in their last game. Will he be the man called upon though if Cotterland is unable to continue? We're about to find out I think. Some anxious faces on that Arsenal bench now. Yeah, you can see it's troubling him. He doesn't look right at all. Vic Aik was calling back the Ox. Can he come on and bring some kind of spark in what's been a pretty awful 25, 26 minutes for Arsenal? Different sort of player obviously to the more defensively minded Cotterland. As I said, Oxlade-Chamberlain was very lively in the final 15 minutes as a substitute against Crystal Palace. Yeah, I'd say he'll push further on and Ramsey will drop back. Play a more defensive role now, Ramsey. Clever flick there by Stanislas. Flasey was breaking through the middle, threatening Arsene. Again. Daniels wins it back. And now Bournemouth have an injury problem. Josh King in the middle. Yeah, King struggled a little bit here. But just that last incident, Arthur, Fraser and Daniels hunting in threes, putting all sorts of pressure on Arsenal's players and they haven't dealt with it yet. And the Stockbridge enables Arsenal to make their change. Scoring a 2-0 victory for Arsenal on this ground last season. Giroud. There's Ramsey. Koscielny. Monreal. And all the way back to Petr Cech. Mustafi under pressure. Wonderful closing down again from the Bournemouth players. It's like a little switch goes off and they all react to it. Win the ball back now. A bit careless this time. Iwobi. Sanchez. Ramsey's made a great run and he's picked him out. Lightning counter attack by Arsenal, corner. Good play, nice run into the box, he's well spotted, Sanchez finds him this time. Great touch, turns, yeah, gets it right, the referee again. That came off Daniels. Very... ...shaggy. Turned forward by Monreal. Played in the end by Simon Francis, the Bournemouth skipper. Arsenal committed ten men forward here, Giroud in the centre, beaten to it by Ake. Mustafi. Sanchez. Check a lone figure inside the Arsenal half. And finally, Cook completes the clearance. King winning it back though for Bournemouth. Strong play by him. They compete for everything, don't they, these Bournemouth players. Going to be forgiven, two goals up, ball hiked up in the air. To back off, let Arsenal have it, but no. Not at all. Snapping at every Arsenal player's feet. Putting pressure on, being first to the ball. You might have heard Eddie Howe saying before the match how they love these games under the lights in this small stadium. And the fans are responding just as well as the players. Fraser. Fraser. Fraser. Fraser. Facing in the challenge and it drops again to Ryan Fraser. Daniels. Fraser, good ball. A kind break. Now, forward in. And again, brings down Fraser. The referee has awarded the free kick and is also going to produce a yellow card for the Arsenal man. Yeah, when he goes in like that and doesn't get the ball, it's always going to end up in yellow. The staff, he goes in and looks as if he'd won it, but it rebounds unkindly and as it ricochets in front to Bellerin. Fraser's just too quick for him. First yellow card of the game. And the man who earned the free kick will take it. Ryan Fraser, tenacious little player who started and scored against Swansea. Scotland under-21 international. Made a big impact when he came on as a substitute here. Brent Bourne would beat Liverpool. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Sanchez. Bellerin. Ramsey finds Oxlade-Chamberlain. Bellerin. Xhaka. Mustafi. the source like for us and fans there when we always spent the last 30 seconds so limping public in front of the Arsenal bench Sanchez just making his way back couldn't resist temptation to go for the ball from the offside position this is lively tomorrow night could be livelier still Tottenham take on Chelsea from 730 on Sky Sports 1 got up well enough there despite hobbling a moment ago that's an interesting ball and check that's a suddenly backtrack here crucial tackle a clean one as well terrific play it looks harmless enough it's just played up you can see it's a half volley over the top he's well onside turns sharp as you like he's in and goal gets a touch but a wonderfully timed tackle here from Mustafi had to be absolutely correct here in this decision and he was possible goal saving challenge that one Stanislas with the corner headed on spot the danger here's Fraser Daniels Fraser again okay back again to Daniels lining up for the cross here King after with the shot terrific play again from Bournemouth really patient on this left side Fraser Daniels Akka was involved too lovely little place ball into a lovely area the pullback for the penalty spots good the setup textbook stuff that move alone it just felt that it's an Eddie Howe type approach it was a lovely play lovely patience keep the ball wait for the ball to come in lovely play lovely patience keep the ball wait for the ball to come in turns pass off the ball free with some back here A lot to do after that, of course. But I've never seen an Arsenal team give so much space to a player who is in such a promising position. Strange defending, Bellerin in particular. Ten minutes to half-time. Bournemouth with a dream scoreline. Marta making his way off the pitch. I think he'll be all right to continue. Key man here is in breaking up opposition attacks. Reyes has had it on and out. Bellerin. Mustafi. There's Koscielny. Possession below. Allen associates pretty even, but Bournemouth doing an awful lot more with the ball and doing things a lot more creatively than Arsenal. More valuable possession indeed, and he's got to be delighted. Thumbs up, and why not? KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON The Gosling's head. It will be. Shakir. and he's got the ball in. Mustafi. Oxlade-Chamberlain into Bellerin. Ramsey. Sanchez. Now Monreal. Sanchez with the ball in. And he's got the ball in. He's got three or four in now. He's shrugging his shoulders saying come on, somebody get the end of things. That was easy. Defender Daniels came in and did the job that had to be done. Look at Arsenal. Wolby has gone in central. Try and get something going with Giroud. There's Wilson, meantime, for Bournemouth. Gosling. Francis. Useful cross. And he will be giving Arsenal a free kick. They've got to take stock here, Arsenal, a little bit. They've been rattled. It's going to be a big ask to get in, but they've got to try and do something to bring themselves back into this game. A goal before half-time would be of enormous value to them. They're going to come easy. Bellerin. And Schalke. Mustafi. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Nowhere to go for Ramsey. So they have to go back. Mustafi. That's really poor from him. That's a great down communication. He's run that way, Giroud, but he's pointed his arm out to the right, which Mustafi didn't see. What a frustration in the Arsenal ranks at the moment. Yeah, it's unusual. Things have been going OK for them this Christmas, this festival period. Not a happy bunch out there at all. Koscielny. Very congested here in the middle third of the field. Bellerin, as usual, providing a whip down the right. Here he is. And on it goes to Oxlade-Chamberlain. Giroud far post. Ramsey near it. Iwobi with the shot. He was challenged just as he made it, and that challenge was enough to throw him off his stride. What an important challenge it was by Francis. Great play. That's the first time you felt one would have really been opened up. He has a little look-up. Wonderful pull-back into a good position. He just comes on to it, and even though he doesn't quite get the ball, Francis, there's enough there to put Iwobi off. It's important that he got across there and didn't make life easy for Iwobi. I'm having a feeling that Iwobi is too often a little nervous in front of goal. Xhaka. On to Bellerin. Giroud, the target coming in from the far post, but he could never reach him. Mustafi. It's Chelney. There's Ramsey. And another attack. Peters out to nothing. At times it looks so disjointed now. But it's not. It's a good thing for Arsenal. Players giving out. Giroud, that last cross came in. He started giving out to Bellerin afterwards. I've seen Sanchez have a go at Ramsey and vice versa. Really got to knuckle down now. Dig out something from this game. Certainly failed to hit their normal stride. And the defensive frailties of old have returned with a vengeance. Much to the delight of the home fans here. Bellerin. But Arsenal, the team always capable of getting a goal. And one could change the picture here. Daniels. There's Cook. And be careful against Sanchez. Francis. 24 within this Bournemouth attack. But he's given the ball away. And then a challenge from behind the referee. Is allowed play to go on again. It will be. And we can pay with that for Arsenal. Yeah. Fizzles out again. Good build-up play. Careless in the end. From Francis. Which gave Arsenal the chance to break at them. But even then there's a lack of belief at this very moment now in the Arsenal team. Arsenal's a big job on at half-time. To get them going. He'll be. And back by Artap. That's a Bournemouth throw. And the referee producing the yellow card for that earlier challenge. It was the default point. Sanchez that was earned in that caution. Yes. And that's the one in behind him. The Achilles. He's done well, Michael Oliver. Everything he's done so far, he's been correct. Everything the Bournemouth have done so far has been impressive. Two in the Arsenal penalty area here as well. Dozling in possession. . . . . . . Just a minute and a half remaining for stoppage time. . . It will be. At short. Well spotted by Daniels. . two ahead of him terrific again if anything formant finishing the stronger what a ball that was as well from the goalkeeper okay did well to spot it very near to see mustafi jumped in there and missed the tackle again it's charlie daniels this time fairly rattled arsenal not comfortable at all made one very good challenge to prevent a third goal but yeah you can see anxiety tension not going their way will be three minutes of stoppage tank daniels okay so the opportunity to keep going and finds fraser attack that's ditch defending again this time yeah referee says king gave a little nudge in the back as the ball made its way across but aca runs through there he just literally takes out the arsenal midfield by running through three or four of them it's great play from him but to question the resolution of the arsenal midfield to try and stop him in his tracks really got to get their act together now it's not good this from arsenal little scene of sanchez and shiro two main men in an attacking sense bournemouth fully deserving this lead and the first half of the game there's the man who gave it to them in the first place daniel's on to fraser he was fouled for the penalty but brought callum wilson the second stanislas with the shot good effort finishing the half strong as we said looking for more doing it all at speed and pace arsenal really finding activity just a half a yard too much trying to get the whip on it petr czech probably had it covered had it been in the correct position but it was a good play from the man who was going to get the ball great play again from bournemouth six attempts to three none on target tells the real story of arsenal's attacking efforts this half offside orange is leading the game all Martine doesn't notice in any concern he lightly kicks a shot to thr Namu take the first ball down and finally Southampton time for an innings game to end in three and one agalharville and back to make them answer for Jamil alverogue hilesona real poor play from arsenal OB RAMSEY now Ramsey goes in the book fans singing their hearts out there enjoying it here they might this free kick should see them through to half time with their to go lead intact if not indeed improved upon Stanislas takes it