not sure if Arsene has the hairdryer treatment in him but he needs some kind of reaction now from this team cleared by Francis first-headed clearance of the second half for Koscielny, Ramsey finds Monroyal, he looked as though he might have to go off at one stage in the first half but he recovered from that injury Gosling and Callum Wilson, Stanislas Sanchez dodged around the challenge he's getting pulled back there as well mind you the second tackle by Stanislas was a good one first thing Mike Oliver has missed all night King just about keeps it in play and then gives it away to Bellerin Ake Ake Arte starting the second half where they left off in the first it's Arsenal who really need to dictate now Sanchez anyone can get them back in this game he can Monroyal gets it back from Sanchez clever ball that but the flag has gone up for offside it was a clever ball Monroyal thought he was onside it was good play finds one spot on I think you'll see as the players are making their way out the goal players he's hmm well do you know what the line of the grass tells you he should have been given the benefit of the doubt there but the line of the grass tells you he should have been given the benefit of the doubt there but the line of the grass tells you he should have been given the benefit of the doubt there it's a good header on by King cleared by Monroyal it's a good header on by King Daniels Grazer small and quick and busy testing defenders every time he's had possession testing defenders every time he's had possession it was the challenge on him remember it was the challenge on him remember that earned Bournemouth the penalty that earned Bournemouth the penalty Olobe Ramsey Olobe Xhaka and Gaitan and Gaitan that penalty and a very clumsy challenge Mustafi Sanchez to Olobe there's Limbaugh on the way to goal but he's shaking him off Sanchez the difficult moment Mustafi Mustafi. Ramsey. Feeding it out to Oxlade-Chamberlain on the right. He was looking to get the cross in but Frazier didn't allow that. Mustafi. Here's Ramsey. Monre out. He's got the ball. It's a good ball forward for Oxlade-Chamberlain. Giroud in the centre. Couldn't make any real connection with the header. I think that was due to Cook's presence, he did very well there to defend it. And Kim defending well for Bournemouth too. Brilliant run. Here's Frazier. Wilson has been dragged back. And Mustafi's uncomfortable night continues. Wonderful play from Bournemouth, they managed to get the ball back. Great defending from Cook to stop the header. And a difficult situation came, well, turns it into an attack. Daniel's on the run again here but he's run into a cul-de-sac this time. He's got the ball. This time, Gosling to the rescue. Come in! Go! Go, Triggie! Oh my God! Come on! They certainly look weary at times tonight because of the long injury list. They don't have anyone who they can bring off the bench who you feel could really change the game. They don't have anyone who they can bring off the bench who you feel could really change the game. He's Giroud, Iwobi. Beyerin. Bournemouth concede the corner. Well, it's better from Arsenal. Getting near, getting good passing movements nearer the Bournemouth goal. What a build in this now. Bournemouth work hard on defending set pieces. They've got a pretty good record in that respect. And King clears the danger this time. That's the second poor corner Xhaka's taken in this game. They've had three, his second very poor one. Sanchez. Smart work from him. Ramsey. Giroud takes over. Back again to Ramsey. Another crucial challenge. This time by Cook. As King brings Bournemouth away. And he's got it. And he's got it. And he's got it. And he's got it. And he's got it. The ref stops play here. Giroud has taken a knock on the ankle as he slid in to try and break up the Bournemouth counter. It's a nasty one for him. But Aaron Ramsey, really good feet. Once again, if it wasn't for Cook's close attention. There's the tackle. Looks like he got the studs after the tackle was made. Looks like he got the studs after the tackle was made. Hard to see from this angle what the intent was there. Hard to see from this angle what the intent was there. He's seen what it's like. He's seen what it's like. As he's looking to go forward. As he's looking to go forward. He gets through and gets the ball. He gets through and gets the ball. Just as he lands. Just as he lands. I don't think it's intentional. I don't think it's intentional. He looks in real pain, that's for sure. He does. He does. But here's Ramsey. stretch you see great first touch second touch goes in he's getting it to open up towards goal now and just in time the intervention it's better though from arsenal they've started all right now though passing is better they're asking more questions already of this bournemouth team meanwhile limps off towards the touchline and now wave back on here's a woe be sanchez leaving bayern forward and fine again inside the bournemouth heart now it will be intercepted by ake there's no real anticipation from jeru there wasn't really sure whether that ball was going to come or not here's he will be on to monreal possession again because shelmy pushed so many men forward here arsenal when it comes to nothing it's a good bout of possession for them but nothing penetrative nothing creative that puts too much pressure on the bournemouth defense and worrying so he will be right it's a bet it doesn't howce well it will be well in will be breaking the play really this one with this free kick they've been under a little bit of pressure arson starting to knock it around a bit to do with just getting a few passes in regaining the momentum in this game menses looks to do just that and in king he's telling me across on the cover you can see arson's 72 possession tells you that they're starting to come at for him and start to believe pin gets a difficult looking ball in the middle arthur with the shot and it's been deflected in but the referee says no goal yeah he spotted a handball he's very adamant as it fell out to arthur he lets fly and he's got it it's king i think is the one it's not actually it's wilson oh that might have been curling back was it i think the referee is absolutely correct it does hit the hands of callum wilson scary moment for arson all the same let off exactly in possession again came down in front of nicht-day and he meals it nutaki is it will be 1-0 and fest shoes Easily taken by Borussia. Kevin Milson thought he'd had a glorious moment. Wonderful strike, he meets it full-on, and he's just pulling himself out of the way. Hands go up immediately, and in fairness, he was quick to spot it as well. Fraser quick to spot that through ball, and he's held off the defender brilliantly. And scores! Bournemouth are in dreamland! They lead Arsenal by three goals to nil! Well done, Brian Fraser. It's a great moment for him, a great moment for Bournemouth. But Hector Bellerin... Well, he studied his efforts to defend for the first goal. Well, this could even be worse. Nice throw-out, good play, Harry Arter looks up. You can see Charlie Daniels plays the ball into space. That's the defender, he's pretty much all day, he's half a yard in front. The nudge, well, it's pretty obvious, and you may complain to the referee, but I think you have to be stronger there, he's got to lean in. The little nudge, I think the wee man has got away with that one. Maybe I've been a bit harsh on Bellerin. You can see as he comes in, there's a little push, maybe not as blatant as Xhaka's for the penalty. Well done for the finish afterwards. Yeah, there was still a lot to do. He scored his first Bournemouth goal for two years when they beat Liverpool here, now he's got three! Surely, even a team as talented as Arsenal can't come back from this. Surely. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Time to go, though. It will be. Giroud, it will be again. On to Sanchez, he's got to hit this. Defected behind for a corner. Free form with Klairs on the ground, trying to make the block there. He hit it well, but the deflection takes it for a corner. Frustrated Wenger, frustrated Sanchez. Good play, great build-up, cuts back in on his right. Look at all the players there, desperate to try and keep it out. FANS ROAR Close for the corner. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR They need a lifeline here, Arsenal. Ake gets it away. Stanislas does his best to clear the danger, and here's Fraser again. And now it's Bournemouth's chance to break. Stanislas is unmarked down the centre, Arsenal furiously getting men back. Fraser with a little flick. FANS ROAR And Bournemouth get a free kick. FANS ROAR It's a good one for Mustapha, surely. FANS ROAR Right away, the penalty plays. I don't think he's reaching for a card. Great play again for him, and it breaks so quickly. You can see he brushes by. Mustapha in frustration. He lifts his leg up and makes the foul. FANS ROAR Well, Arsenal well and truly rattled at this moment. FANS ROAR He's looking fortunate, perhaps, to escape a portion there. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Bournemouth have never beaten Arsenal in the club's history. Met that many times, of course. They've never beaten them. They'll never have a better chance than this. Half an hour to go, they lead 3-0. FANS ROAR And a confident free kick from Stanislas brings the best out of Petr Cech. Yeah, you have to be alert. Well taken, got it up and down well, nicely placed in the corner. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Bournemouth, so strong, enjoying themselves so much. FANS ROAR They're looking for a fourth. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Well done by Ramsey. FANS ROAR But Bournemouth continue to press, and Stanislas there again. And the lively Fraser. FANS ROAR And Willem Kemmerer. FANS ROAR And they're rocking now, these Bournemouth players. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Marta. FANS ROAR Cook. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Good challenge. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR replaced 150th league appearance for Bournemouth he's had a long spell out this season with a hamstring problem Alex Awobi is the man replaced by the Spanish striker only signed in the summer from Deportivo waiting for his first Premier League goal another change on the way this is an unusual one in the sense that Kostelny hardly ever is substituted but he is now he's going to be replaced by Gabriel the Brazilian strange sight didn't think he was the one to come off I think Mustafi has struggled all night Gabriel on now to see if he can do something about a stopping a rampant form is there any creativity in Arsenal to give themselves a flicker of hope for getting back in this game and this is the first of three successive away games for Arsenal they go to Preston in the FA Cup on Saturday and Swansea next in the Premier League as Fraser appears on the scene again for Bournemouth just so busy whether it's defending whether it's getting on the ball they're really making Arsenal work for their lives and see here first to react all the time the zippiness about their play whether that's on the ball or off the ball it's a credit to them it's been a while Fraser four years ago they signed him from Aberdeen he's had quite a few injuries in that time he was on loan to Ipswich last season he's made a real impact in this campaign he's made a real impact in this campaign good work from Callum Wilson keeping Bournemouth in possession Francis asking a little bit too much of Stanislas there but Bournemouth do get the throw there same to developago will the giving to Stamford Derek Definition to Sterling 23-25. Kop of Tr stealing ане Sessie incident Berlin Stamford Monreal header. Francis keeps it in play. Sanchez. Monreal with a very strong challenge there. Now Stanislas. Carter, Sermon. A little bit of keep ball for Eddie Howe's team, and they're good at that normally. Daniels heads on to Fraser. And Fraser's in again here. Crucial challenge. Oh, wasn't it just? State champion saves the day. Wonderful play again from Fraser. This place is really rocking now. Players and fans there having a ball. Arsenal all at sea. Bournemouth vibrant here. Monreal and Eddie Howe said they love playing these night matches. Good tackle he's put in. You can see he's first to react. He said that a few times. Lovely little touch inside Mustafi. And he had to be exact at that moment. So great pace to get back there. And Fraser's come off the worst of that challenge. And maybe that'll be his last contribution. APPLAUSE Yeah. Generous round of applause from the home crowd here. He salutes that. Terrific night for him. He's got himself a goal against the Arsenal. And it really was a matter of chasing lost causes almost. Gets away with the nudge. But then there was more to come. Wonderful finish through the legs of the goalkeeper. Big smile on his face. Well done, Ryan Fraser. APPLAUSE And he's replaced. By Adam Smith. The former Tottenham player. Just to have a little salt in the wounds. APPLAUSE And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. And he's out. Dozening up in support. Francis. Dwight a little too long in possession there, giving Arsenal a chance to break here. And Smith the culprit. There you go, eggs! There you go, eggs! KUK's clearance. Xhaka. Gabriel. And Mustafi. Good turn by Oxlade-Chamberlain, and he spots Sanchez. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. She went for it, but couldn't reach it this time. She went for it, but couldn't reach it this time. Ramsey's shot blocked, and blocked well by Harry Arter. Blocked very well by Harry Arter. That's the tenacity, that's the spirit of this side off the ball. Good play from Arsenal. Sanchez got in a good position. Worked its way across. Alert as always, Harry Arter. Xhaka. Sanchez. Here's Mustafi. The cross knocked in towards Giroud. And Sanchez arrives at the far post to head home. If there was going to be one man to give them a lifeline, he was the one. Yes. It's a simple cross, really. Giroud, give him some credit. He made sure he got in front of his man for the first time and get something on it. Brings it to the path of Alexis Sanchez, and he wasn't going to miss that chance. And now, what does this mean for the last 20 minutes in the game? Put into a good area. Giroud gets in across Cook. And alert as ever. And you expect him to get that. And now, does that change things? Will that put Bournemouth on the back foot to... Arsenal gain a waft of confidence now? Here he is again, Arsenal's leading scorer. That was his 15th goal of the season, and ten of them have come in away games. They are in. Suddenly a little bit of indecision, a little bit of nervousness creeping into Bournemouth's play. GABRIEL. He's shagged out. 70th minute. Arsenal having had six previous attempts, finally got one on target. And it counts. They need to calm it down a little here, Bournemouth. Giving the ball away a little too frequently in the last few minutes. GABRIEL. Oh! Yes, James! 23! 23! APPLAUSE But the mood has changed here. Sanchez, pursued by Francis. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. GABRIEL. Time and time again. This guy pops up just when Arsenal need him. 13th one this season. He'll be open. There's another one or two there tonight. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. Research. It's been a hugely entertaining game if you're a neutral. Here's Sanchez. How often he gives it away like that. Hopefully he's let that one go. Giroud goes for goal. He had runners, he apologises for having to go goal. You're right, Sanchez gave it away, but he was quick to get back in and win the ball back. One thing on Giroud's mind. Well, you can see his team-mate, Lucas, not very happy with him. Looks like Chamberlain. Shakka. Bellerin. Lucas. Certainly on the back foot of the moment, Bournemouth. Especially with this guy in possession. Shakka. Amistaki. Looking again for Sanchez, who controlled that beautifully, but he was flagged. I think it might have been a handball. Yeah, he's saying he's nudged it. He's nudged it with his hand, he hasn't held it up for offside. He's up a bit between his teeth now, Sanchez. He's all over you. See, he makes his way into the box and as he takes it down, it's not the first touch, it's the second touch that brings it down into play with him with the right arm. And that's what the linesman spots. Despite Burridge making a save, it had fizzled out. Massive sigh of relief for Bournemouth. But I wonder what he makes of it. Brady's fries around. That was quite the – – and about getting to the Dasли meeting point for Manchester United and seeing the team upset a bit than Well, that's a wonderful goal, that is an absolute brilliant goal. The lay-off looked tricky. You'll see, it comes into Giroud, they get it. Good possession again, Sanchez of course is at the heart of it. And as he pushes the ball into the box, it's actually Xhaku who plays it in. Onside, the touch looked to be awkward to get hold of, but what a finish that is over his shoulders. Oh, what a finish we're in for now. Lucas Perez, his best moment in an Arsenal shirt. Degree of difficulty here. Immense, but he deals with it with aplomb. Now, now, now. His first ever goal in the Premier League, the man who scored 17 goals in Spain for Deportivo La Caranya last season. And he has given this last 15 minutes an enormous twist. Hasn't he just? I think you have to give Arsenal a lot of credit, their fans are singing now. I think it was led by Sanchez, I know he got the first goal, but he wanted it, he wanted to drive them on, and the players around him have responded. Giroud helped him for the first goal, helped Perez for the second. What a finish we're in for now. Arsenal! Arsenal! Arsenal! Arsenal have 15 minutes to rescue something from a game that 15 minutes ago, looked beyond them. Monreal. All the impetus now with the away side. In it goes to Giroud. Cleared by Daniels. No foul. And it's a goal from the right wing. What a goal. Sanchez. That's a lovely ball from Monreal. Just run out of the room. Fraction too heavy, he's so quick to spot these things, isn't he? Crossed with himself. Half a yard too much pace on this, little gap that he treads it through. Oh, that was close. Looking at it, he's urging his players to try and get the ball further up the pitch to get out, not to be hanging back on the 18-yard line and inviting Arsenal on, but it's a difficult thing to do. With their tails up, now Arsenal are coming at them in force. Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Foul by Smith. Wilson. He's got plenty in support here. Could not find any of them. Marta, hooking up the loose ball. Stanislas. Got Smith and Gosling in the penalty area, Bournemouth. At the moment, they just want to retain possession and they haven't been able to do that. At least they're competing now in the Arsenal half. Well, that's it, their manager is urging that. It's been a wonderful game here tonight. There will be even more excitement and entertainment in store tomorrow night when Tottenham take on Chelsea from 7.30 on Sky Sports 1. A drop to the watch. Simon! Oh, isn't this everyone? He's not ouraae! S merry couple. They have one of Goalkeeper question! ligo goddu! That's no Bumgarner shot. Dodaáss. Norm! emple. Ssh 500,... renowned. Dan Kl 있는 some Wiener? Doesling did well. Just what Bournemouth wanted then. A foul, a free kick, and indeed a yellow card for Mustafi. The totting-up procedure there, I think, in play, it's been three or four now, Mustafi. It's been an uncomfortable night. It's got to be no-man's land again. Well, he got away with the worst foul, didn't he, earlier in the half? THEY CHANT Just over ten minutes to go, no-one leaving the ground early tonight, that's for sure. Wilson. Back to Ake. Does he? If they were to keep that in play... Since Arsenal got their first goal, 68% possession, really asking questions now for Bournemouth. Sanchez, the man who has sparked this Arsenal revival. And it goes to Bellerin. Strong challenge, but a fair one. Can he leave some alone figure up top now for Bournemouth? Grappling there with Mustafi. They are getting men forward from midfield. And indeed from the back. There's the captain, Simon Francis. Smith. To Sermon. APPLAUSE It's a good ball. And Gosling's onside! Well, he had the chance to surely win it there. Oh, it opened up lovely for him. Really good play on the wing here from Francis. Knocks it in to Smith. That's a good one. They're probing and it's a great first-time pass to him. He's onside, Bellerin slow to get out. Great turn. Nearly. Nearly. Lovely skill to set it up. Yard too much to the left. That was a bad challenge. And it's a red card. The Bournemouth skipper, Simon Francis. Sent off. Well, it's happened just below him. When he went through with his leg that high and he doesn't get the ball, it looked real bad. And Michael Oliver has done everything pretty well tonight. Reached straight for the red instantly. You can see when he goes in there and he doesn't get the ball, he'll watch it, he comes in at pace, the touch has gone where it is yet, he goes over the top, two legs go through. And under the nose of the referee, you'll see him looking straight across. Oh, when he goes sliding in and misses it. Yeah, he's... Got it. He won. No hesitation from the referee. And that will now ruin his record as the only Bournemouth player to figure in every game since they won promotion to the Premier League. He will now be suspended, of course. That's the fourth red card of his career, incidentally. That's in a good festive period for him. He conceded a penalty against Chelsea on Boxing Day. He has to go off. Some trouble going on here. Archer's getting involved with Lucas Perez and Giroud. Referee will probably call them back out. Francis could face more trouble as well if he doesn't leave the field immediately. And sure are some vendors making that point. More than more forcibly. Well, now it really is all backs against the wall for Bournemouth. Francis just went in too high, went over the top of the ball. Despite not really injuring anybody, he looked out of control to me, and I think the ref gets it right again. In goes the free kick. Up goes Ake with a header. Now it really is backs to the wall for Bournemouth. That was a decent effort. It wasn't easy from that position. He was pushed as he went to shoot. He does really well. Backs in, takes it on his chest, and he thinks he's pushed over there. I think the ref's done well to give him the corner. Six minutes plus quite a little stoppage time remaining. Bournemouth continue to defend. A little scramble there inside the penalty area. But the danger hasn't gone. But the danger hasn't gone. Lifted up to a dangerous area again. There's almost too many players falling for Arsenal here. Oh, they still keep the pressure on the corner. Adam Smith does ever so well here with Giroud. Flying in at the far post, thinking he's getting a header at an empty goal. And... Well, Adam Smith saved the day. Arsenal corner. Sold over Giroud's head. They are in. Five minutes to go. Here's Monreale. Sanchez. Ramsey with the shot. Ooh, and he had a bit of time, you know. He might have took it down and got a better purchase on it. If the ball was steadier, you can see he tries to swivel and shoot. Actual fact, Cook was a couple of yards off him. I think the goalkeeper's taking too long for the referee's liking over this goal kick. So it takes even longer by putting the ball on the opposite side of the goal area. And... Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Wow, exactly. Phoenix recognises any attempts. Curves. Look Arch drew it over and contemporary senses thekannt in the goal as well. вовтер Computer Diary looking strong. Ramsey with the shot. Monreal... Playing for the handball. Sanchez. What a finish. Stanislas has to get across and try and prevent the cross here, and he's done that. Defended really well there, and Mustafi makes a bad decision, should have came back out. He's got to bring a bit of a decision to make here. As the ball gets fired in across the box. Oh, it's straight into the stomach of Smith. Once again, Mike Oliver, as he's done all night. Bang on. Inevitably, Bournemouth will try and break up the... ..Marcel attacking flurry by bringing on another substitute, another Smith, Brad Smith this time. Not to wait. Here's Ramsey. Sanchez. Space for Lucas Perez to cross. That's a corner. Oh, it looked as if it had opened up for Giroud to get a slight touch on it. Goal was bound, but he's well marshalled. Don't keep a hesitated, but was very grateful that the ball dropped right into his hands. And it's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. All right. The final score, the final score of the game for Man Utd. Can Arsenal complete what would be an astonishing comeback from 3-0 down? Monreal. Lucas. Here's Sanchez. They're getting deeper and deeper, Bournemouth. Heavy touch there by Oxlade-Chamberlain, but he's kept possession. Sanchez. That's a good ball as well for Lucas. He runs out of room too. Once again, a half a yard too far ahead of Lucas. Now time to slow it down. And Wilson. Scorer of Bournemouth's first-half penalty. Here's the player who will be replaced by Brad Smith. He's done well. He's worked his socks off this lad. The game changed and he's sending off two goals. Everything was different. But for... 70 minutes odd. I think he gave the... ...rassle defence a rough time of it. I think the sight of the board with six minutes is giving... ...Bournemouth fans a rough time of it. Here comes the defender that they signed from Liverpool in the summer. He made his Premier League debut for Bournemouth in the defeat at the Emirates. It's going to be a long six minutes if you're a Bournemouth... ...Bournemouth fan. ...Bournemouth fan. Ramsey. They are in. Ramsey available again. Here he is. On to Monreal. Sanchez. Sanchez. They are in. In he goes. And Giri with it. It's unbelievable. Not quite a scorpion this time. But a sting in the hell as far as Bournemouth are concerned. And Arsenal have completed a remarkable comeback. On the way they're running back to get the kick-off. They fancy a four. This is terrific. The sign of a really good team. Dead and buried. 3-0 down. They keep believing. Wonderful ball in from Jack. And who else but Giroud. The amount of important goals this guy is getting. It's unreal. But you see he keeps his eye on the ball. And for the first time tonight. He out-muscles Cook. You see he gets there. In front. Strong. Good direction on the header. But it can't get there. This is brilliant. And Arsenal fans really urging. Another team forward now. Eddie Howe. Well. He's sickened. This ain't over yet. Certainly isn't. I said. Earlier in the half. Surely a team as good as Arsenal. Couldn't get back from a 3-0 deficit. Well they have. Don't forget. When Bournemouth beat Liverpool here though. They got a very late winning goal themselves. Can it badlock him? I bet they don't. Who speaks the metre? I see Basi come through the forward by my friendיה work. Could I come against Bobby... No, what? Jack is... Come on, o. micro. Your top derp included Paul Smith. the area. Well, Bournemouth fans, birds of their prayers for them, they think they might be a forward in it for them. What a game of football we've had here tonight. Absolutely. It's been a start, climbing Smith, here's an attack. Oh, terrific save. And the referee's given the advantage to Bournemouth. Daniels. Was that a handball? It was, they've got a free kick. Oh, what a save. Simon's attempted cross blocked. This was a pile driver, wasn't it? Very hard to let fly. I don't think that replay can do justice to just how much pace was on that. The counter checked us really well. Yeah, it was straight out the keeper, but it was hit with real ferocious power. And it was a good one. Well, certainly not content with the scoreline at the moment. Bournemouth are going for a winner. Smith. Gosling. Here's the other Smith, just speaking to it, though. Daniels has lost possession. About 90 seconds on the clock. Sanchez for Arsenal. Lucas Perez. Looking for Giroud in the middle. Couldn't pick him up. He's got a good shot. Giroud in the middle, couldn't pick him out this time. And Bayern beaten to it. That's a cynical, blatant challenge by Xhaka. A welcome relief there from Bournemouth, there's a lucky ricochet set Arsenal away. Great cross in, but well defended. Well, we've seen it all tonight, haven't we? Or have we? Into the final 60 seconds. And now, quickly, time to select your man of the match. Well, hopped and braided between different players, but I have to give it to Giroud. This Arsenal comeback has been stunning. Well done, Bournemouth, all night. But this man, two assists and the all-important equaliser. Maintaining his uniform, my man of the match. Daniels gets it clear. Perhaps for the final time. Gabriel. And this will surely be Arsenal's last attack. Xhaka. And there is the play. Michael Oliver, Bournemouth in the black and red stripes get us underway on a perfect playing pitch here in the usual full house, around 11,000 in the Premier League's smallest stadium incidentally Bournemouth have just announced that they are actively seeking a site for a new ground they really can't extend any further here a club that looks to the future all the time, spent more money in the last transfer window than they've ever spent before and mainly on young players with an eye to the future and they're changing strip of yellow shirts on the defensive here first header away by Mustafi who's been out for three games with a hamstring problem and a first touch for Petr Cech who really launched that one Ake heads clear good turn there in the centre keeping Bournemouth temporarily on the front foot here there's Charlie Daniels, half of his family incidentally are Arsenal fans and the other half apparently are Tottenham supporters Mustafi gives away the throw that's fast and furious isn't it ball hasn't settled at all, it's quick, it's everything Bournemouth want to do pitch is greasy the atmosphere is great, they'll be looking to get right at Arsenal Chesh King and then the goalie, the goalie, the goalie, the goalie long ball by Harriata, easy for Cech to collect Cech being the only Arsenal man who's started every league game now Moussa Mbenga freshening up his team tonight in fact both sides have made three changes from their last holiday fixture Daniels to Ake, he came back for the last game against Swansea didn't play against Chelsea the club that holds his contract and they all boot into it in the air but that is an Arsenal throw just looking how Arsenal lined up Awobi is actually out on the right wing and Ramsey's in central key to what Arsenal can bring in terms of service and supply to Giroud, Sanchez and here's Bellerin who's attacking runs and crosses from the right hand side are a really big part of Arsenal's strength going forward good lay off there by Xhaka keeping Arsenal in the shape now of Alexis Sanchez on the front foot Bellerin wanting it again on the right it's Iwobi in possession though Ramsey beaten to it in the tackle but Sanchez picks up the second ball here and picks out Bellerin his cross dangerous sick loaded over here but Seedl like we'll see As you'll therefore learn about Rafinha in a bit Lokomotiv 05 JJ Roaza rob esto l buyer OMIR Payt youtube Iam White it's Boya he runs it he's a simply involving falei the 2007 World Cup Paul Favart He's given it away here to Iwobi, who gets it back again in a threatening position. Tracker moving it on to the left. Alexis Sanchez. The ball was intended for Ramsey. Well read by Boruts in the Bournemouth goal. Started bright, Arsenal, haven't they? They're zipping it around. Bournemouth trying to get at them with good passing so far from Arsenal. A feature. A crucial game this for us in Van Gaal. If Arsenal were to lose tonight, they could find themselves 12 points behind Chelsea by this time tomorrow night. Steve Pukkin in the cross to take what looks like a long throw-in. He made the error that led to a goal when Bournemouth lost 3-1 at Arsenal. So. What a determination on his part to do something special tonight. One back by Francis for Bournemouth. Mariata in the centre, finding Charlie Daniels. Back to Ake. Pukkin. A touch there, and really William Shaka to win it back. Kokanat a little slow to spot the danger. And that enables Bournemouth to get in the first meaningful shot of the game. Yeah. Bit of a gift there to King. Poor play. You'll see. And Waites doesn't see Bournemouth player over his right shoulder. Maybe a bit much task to beat Petr Cech from there. Well, it was one of those 50-50 decisions for the referee. Michael Oliver deciding it was a foul by Ake. Rather than Giroud. Well, I'm not certain. I think Giroud was looking around. He hasn't got his eye on the ball, and he's trying to get in the way. That said, a bit overzealous from Ake. On the way out. Sanchez to his left. Goal! It was a clever ball, but again, Boruc was really concentrating. And quick to react. Move up! There's Cook. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Ake. Bournemouth won 3-0 at Swansea on New Year's Eve to move on to 24 points. At this stage last season, they were only three points above the relegation places. Now they're in the top half of the table. Down the line by Simon Francis. Offside the decision. Yeah, Wilson just straight a yard too early. Took charge of Bournemouth for the first time on this very date eight years ago. They were one place off the bottom of lead two and facing relegation to the conference. And they lost 2-1 at Darlington to a last-minute goal. Could he ever have believed on that day they would be here tonight facing the mighty Arsenal. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! That's nice. So he got off with the Vaut iPod. Now I'd like to Nick Toedo and Free managed golden box. Namaste. Nembulous. Jenny CAM grated right in on it. SmurkgWhere do they reckon they're coming out. B shall we? Francis on the right Skipper did well it's a good ball too Wilson's well placed in the centre here King joining him as well a little over elaborate perhaps there now they sure did, could have come in a lot earlier good play though, opened up Arsenal really well good positive start here from the home side, the ball in the middle aimed at King Fraser getting on the end of it as well and now Daniels and he wins the first corner of the game for Bournemouth strong play from Bournemouth all sorts of pressure once they got the ball in, it should have come in a lot earlier of course, in the first phase the crowd enjoyed that short to Daniels and at the edge of the box is Arta Daniels again Arta lining up the shot and straight into the mid-rip of check yeah and he's done really well to hold on to it because I think it swerved a little and two Bournemouth players are going in looking for crumbs from the shot you can see a bit of movement on the ball it's Aikens that hears one Wilson just behind him they're bright and breezy aren't they Bournemouth and Stanislas as you mentioned before kick off such a key man, three goals this season and he's been involved in a whole lot more in terms of uh... laying on chances for his teammates Iwobi doing well Monza doing even better Beyrin Xhaka Coquelin it's a good early ball to Sanchez poor attempted clearance there Xhaka has it back for Arsenal Sanchez again Monreal with the cross and Daniels couldn't take chances concedes the corner that's right Iwobi creeping in at the back post might have got in there a little bit earlier I'm sure Carson Bengt would say to him to come flying in at that back post if you can as it's developing out that far side Daniels taking no chances Giroud such a dangerous header of the ball being closely marked but the corner was disappointingly short City and Etulian vere de Mourinho hands down Randle pass officials the first half of the season. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They have a great team. They are greatfrei. Good ball from Bor Keeping. Good ball from Bor Keeping. Gunsling to King. Gunsling to King. Three, two, one. Faring. Calmly done by Ake. Steve Cook has played every minute in the Premier League for Bournemouth this season. Stanislas. It's a good ball for Wilson if he gets there. Cech had to make the challenge. The home fan screaming penalty. Michael Oliver says play on. A very important touch he gets there. Petr Cech. Great ball from Stanislas. And Arsenal have it back now with Ramsey. Good work to regain his balance so quickly. And find Iwobi. Back again to Ramsey. Ake deals with the cross. Here's Behrin. First really controversial moment of the game now. Yeah. Well he had to decide whether Petr Cech gets a touch. What a wonderful ball in. It splits him just as he gets a touch. Yeah you can see it. As Callum Wilson gets a little touch on the ball. There's enough on it there from Petr Cech to say it was really good goalkeeping. The best moment of the game so far for Bournemouth. And Stanislas behind it. Correct decision. Michael Oliver. Ake. Ake. To play it out from the backboard move. It's Celeny's clearance. Which is Ake again. Ake. Ake. Chase. Ganesh. And to Daniels. And the wasteful, by Charlie Daniels. Can't score many goals Bournemouth. But as I mentioned before kick off they have made a big improvement defensively compared to last season. When only the bottom club Aston Villa conceded more goals in the Premier League. And with a neat and tidy side in possession. Dan Gosling. Here's Ake. He can change it as well with a long ball like that. Shaka. Sloppy from him. Here's Daniels. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Ramsey free on the right. Sanchez has spotted him. And he's now offside. He's not gone for the ball. He's playing when he shouldn't have been given offside because Iwobi was coming in later than him. And you know, it's just pity for Sanchez here. They didn't quite see him at the right time. It takes a bounce here and he looks up and he just doesn't get it under control and therefore the run is spoiled. Later on, Iwobi has... He has a shout. He puts his hands up in the air. The flag had gone up by then. Arsenal have actually lost their last two away games but they still have an impressive record on the road. Five wins out of nine. Dozlik. Overloaded down that right-hand side here, Bournemouth. Francis helps it on. Stanislas with the cup. Back. Be alert there because Cioni... Right play again from Bournemouth. Okay. Francis. There's Dozlik. He was in acres of space on the other side of the field. He just didn't spot him. Now he's been spotted. And he's still in space. He can hit this. And scores! Bournemouth take the lead. Arsenal stunned. Charlie Daniels the scorer. Wow, he's done terrific. He's waited so patiently for the ball to come out of him. Bellerin gets sucked in. Have a look at Bellerin, 24 on the screen. He's not looking over his shoulder. He's more worried about Fraser. There's a huge gap left behind him. That's poor from him. Lovely. Ping ball. A lot more still to do. He's kept onside. Looks to shoot. Cuts inside. A really good fullback. And a great finish. Wonderful moment for Charlie Daniels. Did everything so well. Bid his time. Showed great composure. And a wonderful finish. And that's rocked Arsenal. Bellerin won't enjoy looking at his defensive approach there. But never mind. Charlie Daniels. He's delighted with how things unfolded. He's got a good chance of winning. And that'll delight half his family and friends. The Tottenham half. Arsenal concede for the first time in three games. Xhaka keeps possession just about. Sanchez. Puno. We zal ce comparable. An letter to the man lambu. Here. Very ignore etcetera collapsing. Hmmm. David Holocaust will not curve, meaning Snaresدا won't keep Control. Ba而 inn. Ian Loose. It was Ramsey. Chi midle for Giroud. And Andre Ramsey got there first. And fine Giroud. For the end by Steve Cook. And. . . . It seems he has a knock around the ankle there. What a start then for Eddie Howe's team. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The only Premier League manager in Inter that has served the same club for a longer period of time is the man on the opposite bench tonight. The State of Boulogne Kissed the left foot Claims he is lage Bravo Boulogne It is about time one ofiggered Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! And he gets a nudge. And the referee points to the spot. Bournemouth have a penalty. What drama here. Well, Xhaka goes in really heavy. He's a yard inside the box from what I saw. And it's clumsy. Fraser's going down the outside. And you see he just reaches out and pushes him over, bundles him over, just as he gets inside the box. That is careless play from Xhaka. No need to get involved to that extent. Wow, he's caused his manager a huge problem now. Bournemouth have scored all four penalties they've had this season. Three different takers. But the man who'll take this one is the man who scored when they lost 3-1 at Arsenal in November. Callum Wilson. And he has scored again. Bournemouth 2, Arsenal 0. Only 20 minutes gone. Oh, a cut well and truly amongst the pigeons now. Xhaka, very poor play indeed. Bellerin at fault for the first. They've got to regroup now, Arsenal. But well done, Bournemouth. Not the most convincing penalty. Probably saw the goalkeeper move at the last second and manages to get it home. But the incident, he's just got to hold him up here. He's going down towards the violin, but he reaches out and just bundles the player over. It doesn't look so obvious in slow motion, but as he gets there, it's just a reach out and a push and full-time flight. It looked poor, and I think the referee is correct to give the penalty. No hesitation. Michael Oliver making full advantage in the build-up to that goal of the advantage rule. Great refereeing. What Xhaka at? There's Ramsey. And to Cotterland. Sanchez on the edge of the box with the shot. Angry reaction by Arsenal's leading goalscorer. Yeah, I think he's had a word or two there with Ramsey. They're at each other. They're going at each other again now. Ramsey wanted it played in. He's still going over talk to him. He's cocking a deaf one. Sanchez to Ramsey's ramblings and a little bit of anger. And just made... He's got a little bit of a play amongst the Arsenal players. Well, the really surprising thing is that Arsenal have a reputation for always starting games strongly. Before tonight, they were the only team in the Premier League who hadn't conceded a goal in the opening 15 minutes. Francis. Bournemouth scoring twice in the space of less than five minutes. Gaze. And he was here on that dramatic Sunday when they beat Liverpool by four goals to three, having been seemingly outplayed in the first half, particularly. At the moment, it's Arsenal who have all the problems in the first half. There's the attempts now. Paul Phillips. before they've been strong arsene only one that was sancho's shot a moment or two ago and that's gonna have to really book for ideas and it's absolutely essential that they get the next goal okay daniels oh wilson's head francis here's ake daniels let's call from him giving away to ramsey that's the only place to win it back until he wanted back though from his goalkeeper i didn't know where the ball was for a moment the woe be certainly dead here he is again poor this time the frances who hits it early for stanislas we've got pace to take on castelny here they can play so many ways born immediately they can play a ball over the top they can be neat and tidy so many strings to their boat and they have won most of their points at home this season in contrast to last season and they actually picked up more on the road now two guys are good and wilson having trouble getting the ball back to the net and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the net in trouble getting out i thought a free kick it's happy it will be one really out that's castelny Frances, and Puck now has gone down injured. He's holding the back of his hamstring here. Looks in discomfort, the left hamstring. More problems for Arsenal on Nene away from international duty and Bolo and Arsene Wenger to work some magic now. Cotterland a really important player for them. His tenacious tackling really compliments Arsenal's more technical midfield players. Changelin with a very impressive late cameo as a substitute in their last game. Will he be the man called upon though if Cotterland is unable to continue? We're about to find out I think. Some anxious faces on that Arsenal bench now. Yeah, you can see it's troubling him. He doesn't look right at all. Vic Aik was calling back the Ox. Can he come on and bring some kind of spark in what's been a pretty awful 25, 26 minutes for Arsenal? Different sort of player obviously to the more defensively minded Cotterland. As I said, Oxlade-Chamberlain was very lively in the final 15 minutes as a substitute against Crystal Palace. Yeah, I'd say he'll push further on and Ramsey will drop back. Play a more defensive role now, Ramsey. Clever flick there by Stanislas. Flasey was breaking through the middle, threatening Arsene. Again. Daniels wins it back. And now Bournemouth have an injury problem. Josh King in the middle. Yeah, King struggled a little bit here. But just that last incident, Arthur, Fraser and Daniels hunting in threes, putting all sorts of pressure on Arsenal's players and they haven't dealt with it yet. And the Stockbridge enables Arsenal to make their change. Scoring a 2-0 victory for Arsenal on this ground last season. Giroud. There's Ramsey. Koscielny. Monreal. And all the way back to Petr Cech. Mustafi under pressure. Wonderful closing down again from the Bournemouth players. It's like a little switch goes off and they all react to it. Win the ball back now. A bit careless this time. Iwobi. Sanchez. Ramsey's made a great run and he's picked him out. Lightning counter attack by Arsenal, corner. Good play, nice run into the box, he's well spotted, Sanchez finds him this time. Great touch, turns, yeah, gets it right, the referee again. That came off Daniels. Very... ...shaggy. Turned forward by Monreal. Played in the end by Simon Francis, the Bournemouth skipper. Arsenal committed ten men forward here, Giroud in the centre, beaten to it by Ake. Mustafi. Sanchez. Check a lone figure inside the Arsenal half. And finally, Cook completes the clearance. King winning it back though for Bournemouth. Strong play by him. They compete for everything, don't they, these Bournemouth players. Going to be forgiven, two goals up, ball hiked up in the air. To back off, let Arsenal have it, but no. Not at all. Snapping at every Arsenal player's feet. Putting pressure on, being first to the ball. You might have heard Eddie Howe saying before the match how they love these games under the lights in this small stadium. And the fans are responding just as well as the players. Fraser. Fraser. Fraser. Fraser. Facing in the challenge and it drops again to Ryan Fraser. Daniels. Fraser, good ball. A kind break. Now, forward in. And again, brings down Fraser. The referee has awarded the free kick and is also going to produce a yellow card for the Arsenal man. Yeah, when he goes in like that and doesn't get the ball, it's always going to end up in yellow. The staff, he goes in and looks as if he'd won it, but it rebounds unkindly and as it ricochets in front to Bellerin. Fraser's just too quick for him. First yellow card of the game. And the man who earned the free kick will take it. Ryan Fraser, tenacious little player who started and scored against Swansea. Scotland under-21 international. Made a big impact when he came on as a substitute here. Brent Bourne would beat Liverpool. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Sanchez. Bellerin. Ramsey finds Oxlade-Chamberlain. Bellerin. Xhaka. Mustafi. the source like for us and fans there when we always spent the last 30 seconds so limping public in front of the Arsenal bench Sanchez just making his way back couldn't resist temptation to go for the ball from the offside position this is lively tomorrow night could be livelier still Tottenham take on Chelsea from 730 on Sky Sports 1 got up well enough there despite hobbling a moment ago that's an interesting ball and check that's a suddenly backtrack here crucial tackle a clean one as well terrific play it looks harmless enough it's just played up you can see it's a half volley over the top he's well onside turns sharp as you like he's in and goal gets a touch but a wonderfully timed tackle here from Mustafi had to be absolutely correct here in this decision and he was possible goal saving challenge that one Stanislas with the corner headed on spot the danger here's Fraser Daniels Fraser again okay back again to Daniels lining up for the cross here King after with the shot terrific play again from Bournemouth really patient on this left side Fraser Daniels Akka was involved too lovely little place ball into a lovely area the pullback for the penalty spots good the setup textbook stuff that move alone it just felt that it's an Eddie Howe type approach it was a lovely play lovely patience keep the ball wait for the ball to come in lovely play lovely patience keep the ball wait for the ball to come in turns pass off the ball free with some back here A lot to do after that, of course. But I've never seen an Arsenal team give so much space to a player who is in such a promising position. Strange defending, Bellerin in particular. Ten minutes to half-time. Bournemouth with a dream scoreline. Marta making his way off the pitch. I think he'll be all right to continue. Key man here is in breaking up opposition attacks. Reyes has had it on and out. Bellerin. Mustafi. There's Koscielny. Possession below. Allen associates pretty even, but Bournemouth doing an awful lot more with the ball and doing things a lot more creatively than Arsenal. More valuable possession indeed, and he's got to be delighted. Thumbs up, and why not? KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON KING'S HEADS ON The Gosling's head. It will be. Shakir. and he's got the ball in. Mustafi. Oxlade-Chamberlain into Bellerin. Ramsey. Sanchez. Now Monreal. Sanchez with the ball in. And he's got the ball in. He's got three or four in now. He's shrugging his shoulders saying come on, somebody get the end of things. That was easy. Defender Daniels came in and did the job that had to be done. Look at Arsenal. Wolby has gone in central. Try and get something going with Giroud. There's Wilson, meantime, for Bournemouth. Gosling. Francis. Useful cross. And he will be giving Arsenal a free kick. They've got to take stock here, Arsenal, a little bit. They've been rattled. It's going to be a big ask to get in, but they've got to try and do something to bring themselves back into this game. A goal before half-time would be of enormous value to them. They're going to come easy. Bellerin. And Schalke. Mustafi. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Nowhere to go for Ramsey. So they have to go back. Mustafi. That's really poor from him. That's a great down communication. He's run that way, Giroud, but he's pointed his arm out to the right, which Mustafi didn't see. What a frustration in the Arsenal ranks at the moment. Yeah, it's unusual. Things have been going OK for them this Christmas, this festival period. Not a happy bunch out there at all. Koscielny. Very congested here in the middle third of the field. Bellerin, as usual, providing a whip down the right. Here he is. And on it goes to Oxlade-Chamberlain. Giroud far post. Ramsey near it. Iwobi with the shot. He was challenged just as he made it, and that challenge was enough to throw him off his stride. What an important challenge it was by Francis. Great play. That's the first time you felt one would have really been opened up. He has a little look-up. Wonderful pull-back into a good position. He just comes on to it, and even though he doesn't quite get the ball, Francis, there's enough there to put Iwobi off. It's important that he got across there and didn't make life easy for Iwobi. I'm having a feeling that Iwobi is too often a little nervous in front of goal. Xhaka. On to Bellerin. Giroud, the target coming in from the far post, but he could never reach him. Mustafi. It's Chelney. There's Ramsey. And another attack. Peters out to nothing. At times it looks so disjointed now. But it's not. It's a good thing for Arsenal. Players giving out. Giroud, that last cross came in. He started giving out to Bellerin afterwards. I've seen Sanchez have a go at Ramsey and vice versa. Really got to knuckle down now. Dig out something from this game. Certainly failed to hit their normal stride. And the defensive frailties of old have returned with a vengeance. Much to the delight of the home fans here. Bellerin. But Arsenal, the team always capable of getting a goal. And one could change the picture here. Daniels. There's Cook. And be careful against Sanchez. Francis. 24 within this Bournemouth attack. But he's given the ball away. And then a challenge from behind the referee. Is allowed play to go on again. It will be. And we can pay with that for Arsenal. Yeah. Fizzles out again. Good build-up play. Careless in the end. From Francis. Which gave Arsenal the chance to break at them. But even then there's a lack of belief at this very moment now in the Arsenal team. Arsenal's a big job on at half-time. To get them going. He'll be. And back by Artap. That's a Bournemouth throw. And the referee producing the yellow card for that earlier challenge. It was the default point. Sanchez that was earned in that caution. Yes. And that's the one in behind him. The Achilles. He's done well, Michael Oliver. Everything he's done so far, he's been correct. Everything the Bournemouth have done so far has been impressive. Two in the Arsenal penalty area here as well. Dozling in possession. . . . . . . Just a minute and a half remaining for stoppage time. . . It will be. At short. Well spotted by Daniels. . two ahead of him terrific again if anything formant finishing the stronger what a ball that was as well from the goalkeeper okay did well to spot it very near to see mustafi jumped in there and missed the tackle again it's charlie daniels this time fairly rattled arsenal not comfortable at all made one very good challenge to prevent a third goal but yeah you can see anxiety tension not going their way will be three minutes of stoppage tank daniels okay so the opportunity to keep going and finds fraser attack that's ditch defending again this time yeah referee says king gave a little nudge in the back as the ball made its way across but aca runs through there he just literally takes out the arsenal midfield by running through three or four of them it's great play from him but to question the resolution of the arsenal midfield to try and stop him in his tracks really got to get their act together now it's not good this from arsenal little scene of sanchez and shiro two main men in an attacking sense bournemouth fully deserving this lead and the first half of the game there's the man who gave it to them in the first place daniel's on to fraser he was fouled for the penalty but brought callum wilson the second stanislas with the shot good effort finishing the half strong as we said looking for more doing it all at speed and pace arsenal really finding activity just a half a yard too much trying to get the whip on it petr czech probably had it covered had it been in the correct position but it was a good play from the man who was going to get the ball great play again from bournemouth six attempts to three none on target tells the real story of arsenal's attacking efforts this half offside orange is leading the game all Martine doesn't notice in any concern he lightly kicks a shot to thr Namu take the first ball down and finally Southampton time for an innings game to end in three and one agalharville and back to make them answer for Jamil alverogue hilesona real poor play from arsenal OB RAMSEY now Ramsey goes in the book fans singing their hearts out there enjoying it here they might this free kick should see them through to half time with their to go lead intact if not indeed improved upon Stanislas takes it