of an elusive first Premier League crowd, but their manager has urged his players to forget about the league table. Their focus, he says, should only be on today. Liverpool in their change kit, kick from left to right in this first 45 minutes. Everyone's been so impressed by Liverpool's press, and it's from the first whistle as well, so Anson play the ball backwards, and Roberto Firmino's quick to close down, and they're on the front foot already. Send it back into Southampton's side today after injury. And there is another example of the work rate of Firmino. From Peru to Polokwane, Liverpool have been well represented in the World Cup qualifiers, but now after South America, or South Africa, it's Southampton. The forward three have been the scourge of Premier League defences, but they've been accruing tens of thousands of air miles between them over the last ten days. It's to their credit that all three are in a position to start today, and how much of an effect will the week's workload have this afternoon? Yet another of the Southampton old boys, Klein with the throw. One back by Davis. Font closed down very quickly. Sensed the danger of Coutinho, one side of him, and Firmino, the other. Forced to take the safe route out of play. Must be a nightmare, centre-half, when you're up against this Liverpool team, because they close you down so quickly. In the end, Jose Font sensibly put the ball out of play. Van Alden. First contribution from Hojbjerg. Southampton fans have been calling for him to come back into the side, in recent weeks, to replace Jordi Klasi. Hojbjerg with the opportunity today. Introduction of Bouffal, incidentally, means a slightly different role for Nathan Redmond, who you saw there. He's playing predominantly on the right-hand side of the forward three, which has been the berth that Tadic has occupied all season. Southampton did start the campaign playing with a diamond in midfield, but it is very much... a 4-3-3 now, matching up Liverpool. There is Hojbjerg. Romelu. Definitely disguised pass to find Redmond. High ball swung in by Hojbjerg. Boston was attacking it, the... shot might have been close. Ryan Burcham doesn't score many. The block was important. That was a hopeful cross, really. And Liverpool didn't clear their lines particularly well. And it's thankful for a Matic block, because that ball was flying from Burcham. Steven Davis with the first corner of the game. Van Aert unable to... get it out of the penalty area, but it would come straight back with Davis finding Redmond here. He's offside, though. And it's a good one. It's a good one. Been so impressed by Nathan Redmond. Start of his Southampton career. And actually, do you know, out on the right-hand side might suit him today. Up against James Milner. I think... I'll be saying, try and stay wide as much as possible. Yeah, you want to try and join in and get alongside Charlie Austin, but if you can isolate James Milner one-on-one, you've definitely got the pace to beat him. Van Dijk. Font. Van Aert. Van Aert. Van Aert. Sadio with the long ball forward, which Southampton's leading scorer, Charlie Austin, couldn't do any more than guide through to Karius. Liverpool beaten. Just the one so far this season. That early-season defeat at Burnley, where they had 25 shots to three. Managed to lose 2-0. Since then, though, they've gone unbeaten in nine in the league. That constitutes their best record under Jurgen Klopp. They dropped only four more. points in the process Mané Lovren think of all the departures that they have been from Southampton to Liverpool in recent times it was Lovren's that upset the locals the most only been at the club for a year expect that he might get the coldest reception no foul there on Redmond Coutinho for Emre Can who's making his 100th Liverpool appearance today now Clyne and fine album just gave Clyne too much to do on the return pass frustrated with himself they didn't find Nathaniel Coyne out the right hand side but just look at the way the two teams are set up I think Jordan Henderson and Romero are gonna be key the pass from Emre Can that's over here because they're the ones that are gonna be free in terms of trying to build play up they've got to demand the ball be available all the time because they're the ones who haven't really got a man-to-man job to do in that midfield Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Romero in there strongly on Firmino and there is Henderson making the comparison between Henderson and Romero both the three men in midfield but two very different types of midfielders Romero very much a destroyer Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man and Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man and Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man can see thatISA can strike the time here good cameos whether or not there's going to have the to take control at home Nice at home the Blues tell you that it's Lovren in possession Henderson Coutinho patient build-up again from Liverpool Mane everybody bar Charlie Austin back behind the ball the striker doing everything he can to try and wave his teammates out now it's Lovren again Henderson Klein on Alden Liverpool's probing here patient in the extreme slow progress forward but retaining the ball now Cedric Kerber to clear for Redmond that was good shape by Southampton we already talked about Henderson getting on the ball he's seen plenty of it in the early stages he's kept it going five and ten yards but at times he's going to have to be a bit more adventurous with his passing go for that longer pass maybe the big diagonal try and get one of his players in here's Van Alden options to his right hand side one of them Klein one back well by Bouffal and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Firmino and the challenge on Ryan Bertrand slightly over eager Firmino he's jumped into the challenge Roberto Firmino scored in his last two matches six goals for him so far this season another that was over in South America playing for Brazil in the impressive victory against Argentina in the first leg of the World Cup qualifiers in the first leg of the World Cup qualifiers Mané might have snuck back through for Mané had Firmino not intercepted the pass that I'm sure wasn't intended for him Mané was definitely the target Firmino just got in the way such fluid movement though from those front three such fluid movement though from those front three there's a lovely ball from Lovren there's a lovely ball from Lovren fighting Milner forward but Cedric there to block this Liverpool's longest unbeaten run for over three years it's 12 without defeating all competitions it's their best run of form since the 13 game streak back in 2013 the club that ended that run Southampton who's winning Anfield that day knocked Liverpool off the top of the table but the man who did the damage has different loyalties now and here he is, Dejan Lovren he's his header he's his header who won that game for Southampton Dejan Dejan Mané Bertrand in strongly Dejan Mané inclined the 2 former Southampton players operating in tandem down the right hand side couldn't find each other Dejan Mané the 5th player to have moved from Southampton to Liverpool in this match Southampton to Liverpool in the recent past. This is his first trip back to St Mary's after a £34 million move. A netted for Saints in all three meetings of the two teams last season, which obviously was one of the major factors in Liverpool's interest in him. It's been a solid start to the season for Southampton. They're through to the quarter-finals of the EFL Cup. They're in the midst of what promises to be their best European campaign for a generation. League form hasn't held up quite so well, though. Coming to this game after back-to-back league defeats. On the back foot here as well. Milner for Coutinho. Romelu just able to take advantage of a first touch that wasn't up to scratch. And Redmond's done well to get away from Chan. Excellent defending from Lovren. He's only one win in the last five games now in the league for Southampton, which came against Burnley. Even in that performance, there were aspects of frustration at the inability to take a higher proportion of the number of chances that came their way. Mane and Wijnaldum linking up well. Coutinho. First-time ball back in from Clyde. Oh, Romelu left it for everybody else. And Firmino almost took advantage. Bertrand just there in the nick of time for Southampton. Two very important interceptions by him, though. Particularly on the edge of the box, he made an excellent tackle. This is where I think he has to be brave, though, when Southampton win the possession back, because they don't just want to be lumping it up to Charlie Austin. They've got to try and play through midfield. He's got to be brave to get on the ball. McClure-Puel revealed he had no specific plans for today. He was quoted as saying, I think it was important that Southampton just play their game, but the theory and the reality might be slightly different. By and large, Southampton have the majority of possession in the games in which they play, but they've had barely a third of the ball in the opening 13 minutes or so today. Hojbjerg. Cedric with the delivery. He was looking for Charlie Austin. Cedric again. Probably took it too soon. It's worked well by Southampton in midfield. Had time to take a touch and pick a better cross. Didn't get that right. He didn't get his shot right either. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. And it works in. Cedric. And it works in. Oh, that went by perfectly and that was an throw by Sylvain, Oh, that went by perfectly and that was an throw by Sylvain, Van Dijk's head at Davies. Van своей The applyable to get there first. Vanemetery Beery's back. He Nicholas for handball against He Nicholas for handball against but defensively he's going to have to be at his most alert. It certainly is. Liverpool have got two full-backs that love to bomb on. Gilles Milne from left back, predominantly a midfield player but likes to get forward and Nathaniel Clyne never stops trying to make advances into the final third. A emphatic header from Cedric. Liverpool's fans certainly haven't been short-changed over the first quarter of the season. They've seen an average of four goals a game. The Reds themselves comfortably the leading scorers coming into the weekend. Despite all the possession they've had in the early stages, yet to register a shot on target up to this point. They're up against an organised team. Defensively, they're very... They're solid and silent and, you know, first 15, 16 minutes, they've been happy to sit back and allow Liverpool to have lots of the ball and not get broken down. Hojbjerg. Davis. Mane. Just seeing Romelu come in or, probably more accurately, not seeing Romelu come in to dispossess him. Here's an opportunity for Bouffal, who's an old-fashioned winger in so much that he can go either way round a full-back. Desai used his hand there, but Mark Plattenberg, the referee, well-placed, allows play to go on. And this time he does give Liverpool a free kick for the foul on Mane. It was the first sighting, really, of Bouffal. He hasn't had too much of the ball. In the early stages, looking to take that back line on, and I think it was Jordan Henderson one-on-one with him. Cross just slightly under hit. Funt with the clearance. Hojbjerg. Yeah. to go down here. Southampton's resolve might offer a genuine test of Liverpool's free-scoring attack. They've had one of the best defensive records in the league for a couple of years now. Theirs is better than Liverpool's this season, but they do give sides chances here. Since February, only Swansea have failed to score here in the league. so i have to look for that long ball forward towards austin on numerous occasions so far he needs to do a lot better in his last attempt trying to hold the ball up just allowed matic to come over the top of him and win a clean header at least put some pressure on him van ouden battling foibier van oudem stone well now manu's got plenty of pace van dyke had enough of a head start and the referee has pulled play back though there was no discernible advantage so he's going to give a free kick for uh an indiscretion i think by austin foibier battling there with van oudem and that was the challenge from davis that the referee took exception to well there's probably two fouls there foibier and davis mark lattenberg well with his rights to bring it back standout thing there was van dyke's pace because you're thinking mane's going to get the other side of him comfortably and yet he kept up well with him новая лиp Shap now their option that's wearing out Raene Cross rem konnten a Christmas break where is his arm MR? well at least to be honest comrade his arm was out there papyrus3 That attack and the opportunity to try and turn this Liverpool back line. In terms of Southampton's best attacks, they've come down the right-hand side. Cedric bombing on from right back. He and Redmond combining well down that side. It's often a slightly lopsided formation at Southampton play because Cedric is a more attack-minded full-back than Ryan Bertrand. Does offer that balance. Font, Hojbjerg, close down quickly. But not fairly by Henderson. Southampton were beaten by a clinical Chelsea display in their last home league game. Austin offside here. Followed that up with a goal. A comfort behind victory over Inter Milan in the Europa League that was probably more typical of the display since Claude Puel and Eric Black took over. In fact, Chelsea are the only team to have beaten the Saints here at St Mary's in the league in 2016. Although they've done it twice. They've won 10 out of the last 13 matches here in all competitions. So I think this will be a good barometer of Liverpool's title aspirations today. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Forlorn there in the Hampshire rain. Of which there has been plenty. Liverpool. Liverpool. pergunta of the休景 matted matted matted Watermeyer Bo Programm Bo Programm Bahrain Bahrain territorial contnost occurrence international group professional criminal trying to stride forward through the midfield but his run curtailed not over the committee southampton as i say they're quite happy to sit back i don't think they've got particularly the personnel to do the high press with charlie austin up top you think if shane long's in the side then he can do that van alden is on side he took it down neatly and then went down but not under a challenge from van dyke away by buffal redmond caught by milner over the first player spoken to by referee clattenberg so that's asking the question why they weren't allowed to play to continue play the advantage could always have brought it back as he did for liverpool moments ago it's a foul just a little bit too quick nathan redmond for james milner it has to be said that the playing conditions are conducive to missed time challenges today it was redmond's quickness of thought and feet that caused the problems for milner there what kind of day were it it's like you've been asked your time andност chcia the match it seems. the Tudor government has decided it's going to be a tough win than ever it'll definitely be hard on them Matip's ball forward returned by Fonk van Alden deputising for Adam Lallana in the midfield that's an excellent pass forward for the pacey Mane but again Van Dijk equal to him in that commodity and he had to be big fan of Van Dijk's he's got all the attributes to be a top class centre back the one thing he'd say is concentration with him Coutinho took three to stop him and Fonk did stop him now Auston I thought he was fouled by Chan the referee didn't Romelu in strongly this time he pulls play back to give Liverpool a free kick when Van Alden had wanted the advantage to be played thanks to the disgust of the Southampton fans I'd say it's a competitive game though you're right about the conditions and challenges flying in but both sides are playing at a good tempo Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson now Klein that's it Bouffal in strongly Henderson knew that he had to cover the run of Auston who was trying to make it he's got to make his way in behind him who's in there strongly on Van Alden will be spoken to and the free kick is going to have to be taken again because Mark Clattenburg wants a word with the Spanish midfielder of Southampton he's been fairly lenient so far Mark Clattenburg some rash tackle from Romelu could easily have seen yellow he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot and the Irishman he's mad he's mad and then, he's mad and then, write up he's mad and then, write up the Macron No Much deeper to Qué務 the game just trying to disrupt that Sanam some backline to be honest drag someone out of position Mane's now playing up top and Firmino out on the right-hand side they're just trying to a bit more movement to try and dislodge this Sanam some backline have been pretty organized so far now Klein finding space Bertrand was taking up a narrow defensive position good ball in from Klein fine out of clever touch Mane good say Sadio Mane got a history of scoring goals in this picture but denied by Fraser Forster there well and there he pops up not standing out on the right hand side changed his position he opens up nicely for him that's a good save from Fraser Forster Liverpool's first corner causing problems Tino's delivery it was Mane with what could have been a potent near post flick Cedric's given it away work right off the ball of Firmino again coming up trumps for Liverpool it's right in front of the linesman I think was too close for it Fraser Forster's made a fantastic stop here well he has because Mane's in plenty of space and he does everything right aiming that ball to the far post he gets a really strong hand on it Fraser Forster Fraser Forster hasn't kept a clean sheet yet but he's got a good chance of winning the game he's got a good chance of winning the game he's got a good chance of winning the game Fraser Forster after going more than 500 minutes without conceding at one stage earlier this season Fraser Forster after going more than 500 minutes without conceding at one stage earlier this season Mane got a couple of goals against Watford in the last match got a couple of goals here last season as well and missed the penalty Southampton came back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 he also scored in the opening seconds of Liverpool's 6-1 win here in the League Cup quarter-final here in the League Cup quarter-final here in the League Cup quarter-final and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield he's come closer than anyone to break in the deadlock today with what's been an intriguing opening half an hour having elapsed intriguing opening half an hour having elapsed and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield only one since August of Liverpool failed to beat their opposition that was the goal of straw with Manchester United this time last month only points that they've dropped out of the last 24 Mane and that is Southampton's goal and that is Southampton's goal Mane K Sheriff Mane those two men four and these two are not Mane Zidane Zidane after moving from Crystal Palace Henderson boy bearing very strongly Romero's a clever touch Bufal couldn't bring it into his stride lover and they're ahead of Davis the clear now Van Dijk I was interesting to read those cool Puel comments about the style of play today sense that Southampton would have to change things with the league's most prolific attack prime to make the most of any space that Saints attacking might leave them and they have done that given the ball away cheaper here Mane making a good run off the ball you're going to have to be careful here Mane making a good run off the ball but Coutinho couldn't find him also he's beginning to find a little bit more space there but Southampton still not finding their teammates frustration also frustration for Philippe Coutinho as well it's not quite happened for him as yet he's bundled off the ball a couple of times you wonder whether it has taken its toll in fact he's been away on international duty played a couple of games Firmino played a lot less minutes away with Brazil it's a little bit sharper of the two just carrying this little injury as well Coutinho I don't think that that was a smoke screen when he arrived back got off the plane on Wednesday nights complaining of a slight soreness in his hamstring it's got a wonderful goal at this end of the ground a couple of years ago or a couple of seasons ago about 18 months ago and a 2-0 Liverpool win here here's Mane Poivier forcing him backwards and forcing the error but Lovren again there to sweep up for Liverpool now Chan Coutinho give him half a yard and he's capable works it onto his right foot probably blocked off by Davis to the far post he had to go to the near post Mane Poivier good record against Southampton as well three goals and his six matches against them in all competitions Bertrand's the time that he needed to turn he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot it took me a while before I thought he'd be able to go he lost when he was two but he wasn't that he didn't yes he was still out there lost when he's two but he wasn't 16 with eight out there 16 with eight out there then he needed to turn forced her again looking long when there was a pass on to Bertrand at left back in the man who's done the damage for Saints this season eight goals in nine starts but those have come from the penalty spot he's five without a goal in open play he's really struggling at the moment out of your picture Henderson and I buy van Dijk Davis the fire wins the throat Austin is laboring on he's doing everything he can to continue Shane long would be the natural replacement so bad mistake there by Bufal presenting this ball straight to Firmino Mane Coutinho makes his way into the middle Cedric across him right back to deal with the threat one individual error sometimes all it takes can't afford to give a ball a chance like that particularly on the back of how well they've defended the opening 35 minutes one misplaced pass and all of a sudden Liverpool are on the attack covering by Cedric at right back this has been Liverpool's best start to a Premier League season since Rafa's Reds took the same number of points back in 2008 they were already nine points better off than they were this time last year most significantly I think back then they'd only scored 12 goals at this point now they've got 30 their most prolific start to a season since 1987 there was one article published this week that what about Liverpool's ability potentially to beat Chelsea's all-time Premier League record number of goals scored in a season long way to go of course you you you change going about things in a different manner under Poole the wide delivery for the aerial threat of Graziano Pella by and larger thing of the past now having scored so many headers last season they haven't had a single goal come that way yet so Mane was eased out of the way there by Bertrand but nothing was given much to but nothing was given much to Liverpool players disgust Liverpool players disgust Austin battling but it's a Liverpool throw Austin battling but it's a Liverpool throw Oh Oh oh oh oh done a good job Aurel Romeo so far in midfield for Southampton just picking up a lot of loose balls and making challenges up against the attacking players of Liverpool doesn't venture too far forward either look at his position now he's just 5-10 yards maybe at most away from Van Dijk in front it's a real good triangle for Southampton to build their defensive work on Romeo the player that was brought to the club as the replacement for Victor Wanyama I knew that Wanyama was likely to be on his way so brought Romeo in and he's a firm favourite with the home support now you can hear his name being chanted as we speak that was the precursor for a mistake here's Mane trying to capitalise on it Mane teasing it inside the penalty area and Mane Cedric dealt with it very calmly indeed incredibly cool as well aware of what was around him poor throw from Forster and Firmino's offside he was but three chances Liverpool created in about the last 10 minutes they've all come from Southampton mistakes Bouffal's misplaced back pass Mameo giving one away in the middle of the pitch and then Fraser Forster with the ball and a poor throw out to Redmond causing their own problems Southampton can't afford to do that again such a good attack inside as Liverpool they will take advantage Southampton actually finished above Liverpool in the league last season remarkably that was the first time it had ever happened signs are that if it happens again this year it will be the best season in Saints history that has stayed the same but they can't well moved up to the final it's been a game. with the Mine Smooth side this makes it clear there's just too much time out and then posture that sort of takes care of as Precisely instead of was only just the knuckle hasn' a push to Вс Mane Martin's resolution. Van Alden attacking this one. Davis had tracked him all the way back. Henderson now. Ran out of room. Poi-Bierre. Here's Charlie Austin. Very little in the way of immediate support. Bouffal, the only player he could see up with him, and he was some way away from finding him. Firmino. Van Alden. Mane. Sadio Mane's in this time until Van Dijk was there in the nick of time with another important block. Well, that is top-class defending from Virgil van Dijk. Beaten far too easily, Charlie Austin was, and Liverpool spring the counter. But what a tackle. Keeps pace with him. He's done that all afternoon. Mane's so quick, but Van Dijk is quick enough to get across and make the challenge. Brilliant defending. He's been excellent. Hasn't missed a Premier League game since signing. Mane. Build the defence around him and Font. Henderson's ball in. Cedric with the block. And then with the touch back inside his own penalty area, which could have been hazardous. Davis made sure that it wasn't. A state by Lovren. From Milner pass. Davis trying to get it forward quickly. Redmond. Cedric finally Buffal. Hojbjerg. This is more fluent from Southampton. Bertrand. Buffal. Nice turn by Bertrand. Couldn't get the better of Clyne. Down here. From Davis. Romelu Maillot. Climbed with Van Aalden. Chan finding Milner. He's now made that left back spot his own. Firmino. Van Aalden. Mane. An omnipresent threat. Ball back behind Coutinho. Just allows Southampton to regroup. And then Davis can make the most of Van Aalden. Aldam's awkward control. Redmond fall for Austin. Running at Matip. Trying to hold him off. He's going to have to go alone again. No Southampton player within 50 yards of him. He's incredibly isolated. It's very difficult. He hasn't really got the pace to go past Matip to get himself in on goal. So he had to hold the ball up as long as he could to try and wait for support. Van Dijk stepping up from the defensive line. Buffal. Still he goes. Underground of his own volition. Matip leaning into him shoulder to shoulder. It was a fair challenge. Now Coutinho. Van Alden. Mill was in space on the Liverpool left and Coutinho is alive for that. This is the earlier opportunity for Charlie Austin and he hasn't got the pace to get away from Matip. Just hold on to it. Hold on to it as long as you can. But he doesn't do that. Gives it away pretty cheaply in the end. He's not at the best half, Charlie Austin. Picked up a bit of a knock as well on the half hour mark. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! ского Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! The inquest will continue for the Southampton players and referee Clattenburg. Thought it was a foul on Davis. One or two in danger of talking their way into the book here. Austin giving chase. Matip was there. More perceptive ball for though from Bouffal. Matip with the clearance. Back from Van Dijk. Matip who has played in...