that. Signs of promise have only been isolated, a lot of that has been down to the way that Southampton have approached it defensively. What can they do Matt Holland to turn this goal to scoreline into something positive? It's been difficult for them because they've largely been up against a brick wall in Virgil van Dijk and also a very disciplined performance from Southampton generally. The likes of Redmond and Bouffal have done a good job defensively, tried to help out their full backs. It's been difficult for Liverpool to break through. I wonder whether they'll start thinking about some changes. Coutinho has not quite been at it today, he's got obviously Daniel Sturridge and Origi on the bench so he's got options to change it up. No nonsense clear from Cedric. The ball is now in the hands of the Redmond team. The ball is now in the hands of the Redmond team. Here's Milner, forced back again by Redmond who's improved his game immeasurably off the ball. Southampton trying to play Liverpool at their own game with the high press to put the pressure on, almost worked there. Roy Bière causing problems, Liverpool have played their way out neatly. And Jean Matip. Back overhead for Flamino now, in front of the Liverpool fans. He goes to ground, van Dijk, the defender, involved but no penalty. Well, my first impression was it wasn't a great deal in it, but seeing the replay, there's a definite tug of the shirt. Baggett's away we want Vangel van Dijk caught the wrong side and there's a definite pull on the shirt. A pull on the shirt which certainly started outside the position! It looks like a bit of a demi to given B maximal we've had there. Then Rebound takes a turn at right now to win, deep, around Sarri with Petrosик. It looks like the security bar is better too, too. That does tell you, she's having a tough response there. But it's attentively padded left wing. It does tell you you what we haven't seen, I thought. penalty area I think probably he'd let go of the shirt by the time Firmino was in the box but the damage had been done could easily been a free kick Henderson Matip Karius was at his most alert he had to be a little bit more aggressive boomed long by font Austin has reappeared for this second half after that very hefty challenge on him in the first but he has appeared to be labouring I don't know whether introduction of Shane long will be relatively imminent for Southampton Matip for Mane Coutinho Mane still Sadio Mane goes the ball's on the line now the corner has been given by the linesman is indicating it should be a corner sprung to life didn't they Liverpool excellent play around the box and Mane drives into the air and gets a shot away I wonder whether it was already out before Fraser Forster touched it and brought it back into play anyway it's a good thing that he's got a good shot certainly Simon Bennett the assistant referee on the far side of the pitch from us thought it was a corner here's Firmino now Coutinho big moment this what a tackle Font coming across and doing well to throw Coutinho off his stride it's another Liverpool chance from a mistake in midfield Poipier this time with a poor pass to Firmino lovely through ball to it Coutinho but Font gets back and makes an important challenge on Coutinho I'm not sure he gets any of the ball Coutinho just gets it wrong a little touch from his right foot onto his left I think Font heard himself making the challenge but the ball had gone clear contact from Font on Coutinho once the errant shot had gone wide he got the shot away hadn't he Coutinho? he had the opportunity to get his shot on goal and actually double touched it from his right foot onto his left which meant it went wide but Liverpool's best chances today have come from mistakes this is another view and I don't think Mark Clattenburg can see it I think Van Dijk just blocks his view we can see it from here quite clearly but I think from Mark Clattenburg's angle he can't actually see the little pull on the shirt from Virgil van Dijk he got the wrong side of him for once this afternoon Van Dijk is the man with the impressive streak of consecutive Premier League games but if they were to lose Font that would be a massive blow for Southampton looks as though he's okay he has to go for the win he's got a good shot he's got a good shot the prognosis is good he will be able to continue it's been a decent year for Southampton despite another round of sales they improved on their league finish for a sixth successive season Liverpool actually one of only two teams who've won more Premier League games in 2016 than the Saints at the moment it's Liverpool who are looking far and away the more likely to win in a row more likely to break the deadlock here it's a good battle between Firmino and Van Dijk now I think Van Dyke's had the better of it could easily have given away a penalty but I think he's been outstanding today's great pace as well he's been excellent St. Lantern have defensively but they've made silly errors which have led to Liverpool chances I think from an attacking point of view St. Lantern will be frustrated they haven't got more support up to Charlie Austin it has been a back to the wall performance from them they've struggled to get people up close to Charlie Austin it's a match that perhaps needs something that little bit different Daniel Sturridge hoping that he could be the man to provide it warming up for Liverpool with Milner in possession recovering from Bufal Hoi Bjerre the Danish international sign from Bayern Munich challenge on in the referees position it could hardly have been better and Zemre Chan took the ball I think that just highlights Southampton's problem the work that they've got to do defensively the likes of Bufal and Redmond it was Redmond who nicked it on the edge of the box but then all of a sudden he picks the ball up and what are they 60 yards away from Charlie Austin who's up there on his own certainly has tricky feet Sofiane Boulogne Bufal perhaps a slight edge of inconsistency to his game but on his day as he proved in French football with Lille he can be unplayable couldn't turn that time then Henderson puts it out for another Southampton throw and then Henderson puts it out for another Southampton throw so that we know what he's looking like goal out with our NFL bag oh England is the на again with a regimented disciplined push out from the back and Austin urging his teammates to come out and try and condense play I think they're missing Adam Lallana in midfield as well that creativity quality to get away from people in midfield since half-time Liverpool have had more than 75% of the ball just missing that probing as you say Lallana who's been in such imperious form the form of his life so far this season massive blow for Liverpool when he went off injured for England in the week having scored scored his last three internationals now Adam Lallana Southampton product he played 260 odd games down here in the first half of the season and he's got a lot of good here on the south coast including a goal for Southampton at Wembley a couple of promotions as well he really would have relished the opportunity to come back and take on his old side today it's neatly done by Emre Can Milner good vision from him Klein getting forward Sadia Mane now for Liverpool lots of Ryan Bertrand Flickr Southampton loan he's going to watch it menu as the same he's being build up to keep north opal has been the strategy for next year and could instantly look up here I think pretty easily away from the helpers the first seven quarter основations the Lakers played last year the Liverpool forward three today? There's probably an element of that. We were at Burnley earlier in the season with a similar type performance, if you like. A team that sat with men behind the ball. Burnley were very organised and disciplined and went with their runners and stayed in their positions. And Southampton have done exactly that today. So that's made it difficult for Liverpool to break through them. Liverpool's best chances, as we've said already, have come from Southampton mistakes. Firmino battling. And Bertrand has conceded the free kick. Having initially been caught by the Brazilian. Sorry, they've done enough to get back in possession. But this is a set-piece opportunity for Liverpool. There haven't been too many of those for either side today. Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Coutinho and Henderson, the two players who are trying to mastermind something. Mark Plattenberg going inside that penalty area to make sure that there's nothing under ward going on. A line of six Southampton players. Swung in dangerously! Somehow it didn't go in. Matip attacking it. It's a corner. What a ball from Coutinho. Such a dangerous ball in with great pace. Thinking force is going to come and get it and clean out Matip. He doesn't, but he keeps himself big. It's the defender's knee. In comes the corner. Again, Southampton not defending it with any skill at all. A major threat. Two set-pieces now. Matip has come closest on both occasions. He's down to it this time. But for the first one, Charlie Austin did well to make sure he didn't steer it into his own net from that one. Matip will feel that he should have scored. Just the time is run and jump fractionally better he would have done. He scored his first Liverpool goal at Palace in their last away game. Four goals that day. Ten in the last two Premier League matches for Liverpool, but nothing so far today. Good ball in towards Austin. Well, Southampton chances have been isolated. That's the kind of opportunity they have to put away. Mistake for Emre Can. And Cedric, who's done brilliantly at right-back today, gets himself forward. And it has to be a perfect ball because there's only Charlie Austin in there. But he finds him. And he rises above the opposite full-back, Nathaniel Clyne. Can't guide it. Goal. Can't guide it. Goalwards. Big chance. Here's Milner. Coutinho. The game beginning to open up now with chances. Coming with increasing regularity at either end as we approach the arm-arm. Coutinho cleverly letting it run for Henderson. Clyne is in space on the Liverpool right. Matic finds him. Firmino trying to draw Virgil van Dijk out of position. Back for Henderson. Chan, one of the Liverpool players, waiting on the edge of the penalty area. Very firm challenge by Bouffal on Clyne. Right in front of the assistant referee. Then puts the ball out of play. Because he thought that Clyne might need some treatment. He's full-blooded. And Bertrand missed the first tackle on Nathaniel Clyne. And then there's a real jump from Bouffal. It's not a nice tackle. It's a pretty dangerous lunge in. And it's a good one. But it's not a good one. Coutinho with a good turn. Cedric pulled him back. And it's going to be a yellow card. fans not happy they should have a free kick the opposite end and then a free kick given against them Sergio Conchita definite pull of the shirt though first player to have his name taken good angle on Milner's ball in font got his head to it back in from Emre Chan money faced up by Davis let it run out of play for a corner that keeps it alive back for Milner this time Davis's block sees it come back off Milner for a Southampton throw be much better from Liverpool in the second half though unfortunately definitely increase the tempo that forcing Southampton back Jurgen Klopp inherited a side that wasn't scoring they've hardly stopped since he took charge since his appointment the Reds have netted more goals than anyone else in the Premier League this season we've had the most shots on target in Europe's top five leagues not too many today though and this is続 driveway to make the patch go word guidelines great run through Mick rela größte third of the game remains and either of these sites turn one point into three and are leaning into van Dijk that time as the free kick goes Southampton's way just getting a little bit feast in completely now sent to meet a breather Southampton need a breather, because they come under intense pressure in the first 15 minutes of the second half. Taking their time now over the dead ball. Let's try and get a few passes in. They need an out ball as well. Charlie Austin has struggled to make an impression up top. He's had the best chance, mind, heading narrowly wide. Hoi Bia. Hoi Bia. Redmond might have been offside had the pass not been deflected out of play by Lovren. Bouffal. Tackled by Emre Can. Milner getting it forward for Mina. Klein bumping onto his right-hand side here. Just missed Wijnaldum there. He's starting to get further forward, though. Gini Wijnaldum from midfield. Making those runs beyond Firmino. And Firmino drops into midfield, looking to stretch that Southampton back line. Well, Jurgen Klopp's side have been in a bad position. Impressive in many areas today. They've had nearly 200 more passes than Southampton in the game. Their ability to be able to take sides apart has been well documented this season. In fact, they scored four or more in five of their 11 league games. But it's their ability to be able to grind out results when perhaps they haven't been at their most fluent best. That was something that Leicester could do last season. A number of 1-0 victories for them. Can Liverpool... do that on a day like today, in a game like this? Here's an opportunity. Emre Can... drags it well wide. Well, it opened up nicely for him as well. Could he have driven on a little bit further, Emre Can? Firmino's pass and a couple of overs. He's in on goal. Drags the shot wide. It's a good chance for Emre Can. Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! His last two matches. Unable to celebrate his 100th Liverpool goal with his sixth goal for the club. 100th Liverpool game, I beg your pardon. His sixth goal for the club. Can. You made the point about breaking teams down. Particularly defensive sides. You've seen Burnley do it. Man United did it a little bit at Anfield. Hampton today. sitting back, frustrating Liverpool. I think teams are going to cotton on to that and say maybe that's the way to play against them. You can't play expansive football because the way Liverpool play on the counter-attack and the pace and quality they've got in the final third, you give them too many opportunities, too much space, and they'll take advantage. But when you're organised and disciplined, they can get frustrated. Good pirouette there by Hoibier. The Southampton can't get their way out of trouble. They can't get their way out of their own half at the moment. Coutinho. Oh, it's Firmino! The chances are beginning to come, but none of them are being taken. How important will misses like that be? Well, that's the biggest of the lot, and it's the two Brazilians that combine. Coutinho's ability to pick a pass and Firmino's run into space. He'll be so annoyed he hasn't hit the target. Great first touch at his feet. Pokes it wide. Southampton make their first change. Shane Long back from injury on the replace. Sofian Bufal. Cup record signing, getting just over an hour on his full Premier League debut. And scored on his other Southampton star, which came in the EFL Cup against Sunderland. How long will give them something different to think about now? Physical presence, so adept in the air. He doesn't have the trickery of the man that he replaced. That's a throw rather than a corner. And it's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. But it's a three too strong, let Virgilio can work his way… Coutinho again driving forward. Chan taking on Cedric, going the long way round him and winning a corner. Liverpool's second corner of this second half Milner to take it five Liverpool players inside that Southampton penalty area and swung in deep Lovren off balance by the time the ball got there has just headed it straight out of play to the delight of the Southampton fans Jurgen Klopp I'm sure will feel that this is still winnable with a quarter of the game to go his side have been the better team the problem they've had is having shots on target just the one in the game between the two sides up to this point as we enter the final quarter Font now is that for backing your own ability to play your way out of trouble it would have been a horrible moment for him and he got that wrong he did that bit nicely then played a horrible pass to Cedric put him under real pressure and lose possession again just looking on the change Shane Long coming on the pitch I think that's a good change I just wonder whether he might be better suited up top he's got Jay Rodriguez on the bench as well in time he might take Charlie Austin off put Rodriguez on the left and Shane Long up top I think he wants to keep Charlie Austin on the pitch he's top scorer obviously if you're looking for a goal you want to keep people who put the ball in the back of the net on the pitch and he's got the ball in Van Dijk calm as personified Font had the time to get it away Redmond trying to turn it around the corner for Roy Bière but there's Coutinho back in defensive duty that time and winning the free kick as well well if he is tiring he's hiding it well he seems to be getting fresher as the game's going on Philippe Coutinho back from those games against Argentina and Peru Milner's ball in and Cedric between them getting away for a corner those Liverpool supporters sensing that they're getting closer totally agree with you on Coutinho maybe he was saving himself in that first half just keeping a bit in the tank for the second half because he's become more influential as the game's worn on Matip again forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball none of these Liverpool set pieces have been dealt with comfortably now a mistake by Henderson and it's Shane Long with the opportunity to run at the Liverpool back line four very quickly surrounded him defending in numbers getting the job done and handball by Coutinho he does offer that though Shane Long the ability to get his team up the pitch struggled to get support to him because he was up so quick Liverpool surrounded him and stopped the threat Matip Milner Liverpool pushing Southampton back inside their own final fervour, Hojbjerg winning possession and then trying to fashion a ball for Austin Matip will have the beating of him for pace and that is exactly why you want Shane Long in that position and not Charlie Austin because if he's playing that ball into the channel for Shane Long he wins that race Henderson, Coutinho, now Lovren today when the chances have been sporadic and the finishing when those chances have come hasn't quite been up to muster Austin will look back at his header which went wide but Roberto Firmino is the most guilty party so far Shane Long wins the throw he's made a difference since he's come on he just relieves a bit of pressure just by that 30 40 yard run up the pitch gets him to the half line they can take their time get themselves set again it's a big 10 days ahead for Southampton they travel to the Czech Republic to face Sparta Prague in their latest Europa League game knowing that a positive result will take them within a point of the knockout stages haven't been involved in Europe after Christmas for more than 30 years the prospect is the source of huge anticipation down here then after Ronald Koeman returns to St. Mary's with Everton next week Saints travel to Arsenal aiming for their first League Cup semi-final for 30 years to Some mouth-watering matches on the cards as far as Southampton are concerned Phillip it would be for them if they could go into that trio of games on the back of a win against the league leaders Still Liverpool that are looking far the more likely to win the game against the Liverpool players with Mane dropping deep almost the edge of the center circle there and here's Coutinho turning away from Hojbjerg Wijnaldum Henderson foul by Long referees played the advantage and it's a goal by Hojbjerg and it's a goal by Hojbjerg and Adam is back on his feet could hear the yelp of pain as he went down from here and it's a goal by Hojbjerg Milner and it's a goal by Milner Coutinho and it's a goal by Milner Coutinho and it's a goal by Milner patience is a virtue then it's a virtuous performance from Liverpool today and it's a goal by Milner have to keep believing that and doing what's best for Liverpool today and it's a goal by Milner this Is about the kickoff Phil this Is about the kickoff WHAT A GOAL but he makes an attempt to see it and he gets it buttoned up with an Ayase gentleman there by Firmino Parker K Empire before the throw is taken and Charlie Austin will come off it's Jay Rodriguez who's going to come on to replace him Rodriguez has scored in this fixture back in 2013 he's had major injury worries since then and he replaces Austin for the final 15 minutes or so that's a move that may well see Long go through the middle and Rodriguez stay wide exactly that just gives you that opportunity to hit it Long into the channels and let Shane Long run after it by now then Liverpool's call for the cavalry is imminent as well Daniel Sturridge getting ready Matip Mane it's Milner first time ball in Van Dijk dealt with it there ahead of Firmino again at the expense of another Liverpool corner and these corners have looked like being a potent avenue for them we've had all but one of the game seven corners back out to Coutinho battling trying to get away from Cedric but he couldn't do so and Southampton happy just to hammer it upfield just to give themselves some there and a rare counterattack for Southampton and that's an annoyance a strike we get but it was magic fanboys and fans was just somewhere else all watching electro the game t começa a hora general trade for Southampton as it was announced family-lly yeah they've been aroundа Giños bands come in comes M Señora Leite that goes Yep, five or six red and white shirts in the Liverpool half. They're not there for long. He's going to come back again. Hojbjerg has stayed down injured. Milner. Chan, Van Aalden trying to tiptoe his way through and needed a last-ditch challenge from Bertrand to get it away. Hojbjerg back on his feet. And play continues with Henderson in possession for Liverpool. Coutinho. Redmond did well before being fouled. A few recriminations as well. Yellow card for Philippe Coutinho. And for Liverpool. Going off number two. Three, Emre Can. So Liverpool will make their first change and it's an attacking one as well. Could have been a straight swap. But Sturridge will come on for midfielder Emre Can. I can't say I'm surprised at the substitution. I think it's a good one. My only surprise is it's taken so long for Jurgen Klopp to make it. And it's a good one for Liverpool. And it's a good one for Liverpool. And Southampton are going to make a change as well. It's their final change. And Hojbjerg will be replaced by Harrison Reid. That is a like-for-like swap. Reid, if anything, more defensive-minded than the man he's replaced in the engine room there for Southampton. Reid coming on for his first Premier League appearance. Of the campaign. He only made one last year. Prior to the Southampton Academy. From down the coast from here in Sussex. Staked by Redmond. Well, no change in formation for Liverpool. All it's meant is Daniel Sturridge has now taken up that centre-forward role. Firmino out on the left-hand side. And Coutinho's just dropped into Emre Can's position in midfield. He's got an excellent record. Here's Sturridge. And he was almost played in straightaway by Coutinho. Bertrand had time to run round that and clear. Sturridge scored twice in the 6-1 win here in the League Cup last season. And also scored in the League game as well. Hasn't got a Premier League goal all season. A run that stretches back some ten games now into last season's trip to Newcastle. And he's got a good start to the season. He's got a good start to the season. He's got a good start to the season. And this would be the most opportune moment to end that drought from a Liverpool perspective. Here is Sturridge. Tricky feet. It's a good ball in. Well, it's just been one of those days for Liverpool. Liverpool. Well, he fell asleep. Brilliant from Daniel Sturridge. He worked it superbly to lift that ball to the far post. I think it might be Shane Long. The far post. He falls asleep. And doesn't see the run. Comes incredibly close to nodding Liverpool in front. Well, Nathaniel Clyne didn't score too many goals here at St Mary's when he was a Southampton player. He really had done the hard work. Should have scored one there. Liverpool still looking for the goal that will guarantee that they stay top after this round of fixtures. Depending on other results, of course, they might not need one. A hill nail could be enough, but... It's the winning run. Going to come to an end. Into the final ten minutes. Ten minutes of attack versus defence. If... The rest of this second half is anything to go by. It's been pretty much all Liverpool. Southampton had that Charlie Austin chance when he nodded narrowly wide. But apart from that, Liverpool have done all the pressing. Coutinho. Redmond. And Lovren battling with him. He won it cleanly. Firmino. Coutinho did very well there. Just allowed the ball to run across him, but significantly across the face of Reid as well. Milner. Coutinho. Clyne making his way forward again on the Liverpool right-hand side. Getting the better of Rodriguez. It's Sturridge. Can he turn? Firmino. Philly Coutinho. Southampton getting the ball. The block in the way. Forster with an important save from Firmino. Still Liverpool knock at the door. Still. It won't be open. Great block on the edge of the box. Romero. I think it was from Coutinho's shot. Opens up for Firmino. And a good save again from Fraser Forster. Away to his left. Deep ball in towards Matic. Van Dijk got it away. And Milner from distance is some way away. I think it's a right smile rather than anything else from Jurgen Klopp. It's not been a poor performance by any stretch of the imagination for Liverpool, but the potency has been lacking today. They've been frustrated against a good defensive performance from Southampton. A good organisation. You can see James Milner shooting from distance. It might take something spectacular to break it down. Well, in the second half, it's been all but three quarters of the ball for Liverpool. And that against a side who've had the majority of possession all but two of their league games so far. Southampton have paid Liverpool the ultimate respect today. They've been more than prepared just to sit in and try and soak it up. I think it's going to be a good one, if they can put in a bit of extra effort. Hope something breaks their way. Been much more concerned about making sure nothing breaks Liverpool's way. But they've missed the chances for Mino and Kline. We'll look back at their prof legacy potentially. Sturridge. Mane... not able to get into a position to attack that. It's a clever pass from him, though. Henderson. Coutinho. Straight up, Forster. Jose Font is thankful for that because he was caught out of position on the halfway line Sturridge ran into that space ends up in a Coutinho cross it's a pretty simple one for Fraser Forster in the end having made it to the top is Liverpool's tenure of first place gonna be just one round of matches an objective get some daylight between themselves and the chasing pack they've got a decent set of fixtures coming up to achieve it with their next four matches all against sides currently in the bottom eight it's been one of the most impressive facets of their start that they've already played four of the other five teams in the top six here they come again Bertrand shuffling across the clear Reid there ahead of Henderson back from Matip and he's got a very good shot Bertrand for Rodriguez long gave chase is a handball that's claimed by the crowd just looking away to the right-hand side Karius in the Liverpool goal he's had absolutely nothing to do today he hasn't had one save to make that has been part of Southampton's problems this season that the chances have been created by the players to get the ball back in the box and that's what we're going to see in the next match they did the principal problems been putting them away they've only scored with every 15th attempt that's the worst ratio in the league can improve that then the results may well improve markedly today haven't even been able to create the chances let alone put them away not a single shot for Karius to save as you say man Henderson Henderson four minutes remaining could easily be another four minutes to be added on by way of stoppages Firmino Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Font in the line of fire to block Rodriguez well that well by Henderson but Liverpool haven't got the ball back Redmond and Sol Davis short Manet Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his turn Andrew Lerner elli Lambie man Acting It's been done it's been done it's been done it's been done Now Cedric able to bring the ball forward. Southampton dream of being able to nick one near the end. Milner with a challenge on Reid. Then Henderson. But Davis has got it for Southampton. Bertrand. Back to him from Redmond. Swung in too deep for long. Pills for handball were very optimistic. Away by Milner again. But optimistic and inevitable claims from Southampton fans. Maybe they sense that there's a chance to win this game. I think the referee has given a foul throw there. Yes he has. The Premier League seasons are nine months long. 38 enthralling games. But they can hinge around odd. Isolated moments. Is there one lying ahead of us that we will look back on in May as being obviously a good one? The dirty it can kill you. Oh yes. H captive goal you can ask Nick D'Amico, but I don't think that we will talk about him because the camera is gone, it's gone. It has been said that the body of the Nicolas Fulham player remains verse 10% of the time into the athlete's lineup he has some sign of 1977. Fulham have three special model of sports time of the US allá by 1200 a few moments, time as you have with all the Rodriguez clears but it's out of play for a Liverpool throw into the 90th minute they're leaving it late but they still have a man who has a wonderful goal scoring record that they can call upon Divock Origi got a hat trick in the League Cup win here last season and he will be on in a moment you understand for Mane can he make an impact with his last contribution wins the corner Liverpool will make the change to get Origi on before the corner will they four minutes of stoppage time confirmed by the assistant referee and they will make the change Shurigi coming on and Mane unable to add to his wonderful record of scoring goals in this fixture there's a lot of confusion there about who was coming on I think Firmino thought it was him eventually it's Mane that makes way and then it's Mane and then it's Mane and then it's Mane Origi on potentially awkward for Forster it was a miscue skidding ball on a wet surface might have caused the England international problems waste as much time as he thinks he can get away with here Fraser Forster this is a tumulus with the infielder there's no thought for overdose the fake striker it alsoすべて to shame Sanchez it's Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez here's the ticket Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez