that. Signs of promise have only been isolated, a lot of that has been down to the way that Southampton have approached it defensively. What can they do Matt Holland to turn this goal to scoreline into something positive? It's been difficult for them because they've largely been up against a brick wall in Virgil van Dijk and also a very disciplined performance from Southampton generally. The likes of Redmond and Bouffal have done a good job defensively, tried to help out their full backs. It's been difficult for Liverpool to break through. I wonder whether they'll start thinking about some changes. Coutinho has not quite been at it today, he's got obviously Daniel Sturridge and Origi on the bench so he's got options to change it up. No nonsense clear from Cedric. The ball is now in the hands of the Redmond team. The ball is now in the hands of the Redmond team. Here's Milner, forced back again by Redmond who's improved his game immeasurably off the ball. Southampton trying to play Liverpool at their own game with the high press to put the pressure on, almost worked there. Roy Bière causing problems, Liverpool have played their way out neatly. And Jean Matip. Back overhead for Flamino now, in front of the Liverpool fans. He goes to ground, van Dijk, the defender, involved but no penalty. Well, my first impression was it wasn't a great deal in it, but seeing the replay, there's a definite tug of the shirt. Baggett's away we want Vangel van Dijk caught the wrong side and there's a definite pull on the shirt. A pull on the shirt which certainly started outside the position! It looks like a bit of a demi to given B maximal we've had there. Then Rebound takes a turn at right now to win, deep, around Sarri with Petrosик. It looks like the security bar is better too, too. That does tell you, she's having a tough response there. But it's attentively padded left wing. It does tell you you what we haven't seen, I thought. penalty area I think probably he'd let go of the shirt by the time Firmino was in the box but the damage had been done could easily been a free kick Henderson Matip Karius was at his most alert he had to be a little bit more aggressive boomed long by font Austin has reappeared for this second half after that very hefty challenge on him in the first but he has appeared to be labouring I don't know whether introduction of Shane long will be relatively imminent for Southampton Matip for Mane Coutinho Mane still Sadio Mane goes the ball's on the line now the corner has been given by the linesman is indicating it should be a corner sprung to life didn't they Liverpool excellent play around the box and Mane drives into the air and gets a shot away I wonder whether it was already out before Fraser Forster touched it and brought it back into play anyway it's a good thing that he's got a good shot certainly Simon Bennett the assistant referee on the far side of the pitch from us thought it was a corner here's Firmino now Coutinho big moment this what a tackle Font coming across and doing well to throw Coutinho off his stride it's another Liverpool chance from a mistake in midfield Poipier this time with a poor pass to Firmino lovely through ball to it Coutinho but Font gets back and makes an important challenge on Coutinho I'm not sure he gets any of the ball Coutinho just gets it wrong a little touch from his right foot onto his left I think Font heard himself making the challenge but the ball had gone clear contact from Font on Coutinho once the errant shot had gone wide he got the shot away hadn't he Coutinho? he had the opportunity to get his shot on goal and actually double touched it from his right foot onto his left which meant it went wide but Liverpool's best chances today have come from mistakes this is another view and I don't think Mark Clattenburg can see it I think Van Dijk just blocks his view we can see it from here quite clearly but I think from Mark Clattenburg's angle he can't actually see the little pull on the shirt from Virgil van Dijk he got the wrong side of him for once this afternoon Van Dijk is the man with the impressive streak of consecutive Premier League games but if they were to lose Font that would be a massive blow for Southampton looks as though he's okay he has to go for the win he's got a good shot he's got a good shot the prognosis is good he will be able to continue it's been a decent year for Southampton despite another round of sales they improved on their league finish for a sixth successive season Liverpool actually one of only two teams who've won more Premier League games in 2016 than the Saints at the moment it's Liverpool who are looking far and away the more likely to win in a row more likely to break the deadlock here it's a good battle between Firmino and Van Dijk now I think Van Dyke's had the better of it could easily have given away a penalty but I think he's been outstanding today's great pace as well he's been excellent St. Lantern have defensively but they've made silly errors which have led to Liverpool chances I think from an attacking point of view St. Lantern will be frustrated they haven't got more support up to Charlie Austin it has been a back to the wall performance from them they've struggled to get people up close to Charlie Austin it's a match that perhaps needs something that little bit different Daniel Sturridge hoping that he could be the man to provide it warming up for Liverpool with Milner in possession recovering from Bufal Hoi Bjerre the Danish international sign from Bayern Munich challenge on in the referees position it could hardly have been better and Zemre Chan took the ball I think that just highlights Southampton's problem the work that they've got to do defensively the likes of Bufal and Redmond it was Redmond who nicked it on the edge of the box but then all of a sudden he picks the ball up and what are they 60 yards away from Charlie Austin who's up there on his own certainly has tricky feet Sofiane Boulogne Bufal perhaps a slight edge of inconsistency to his game but on his day as he proved in French football with Lille he can be unplayable couldn't turn that time then Henderson puts it out for another Southampton throw and then Henderson puts it out for another Southampton throw so that we know what he's looking like goal out with our NFL bag oh England is the на again with a regimented disciplined push out from the back and Austin urging his teammates to come out and try and condense play I think they're missing Adam Lallana in midfield as well that creativity quality to get away from people in midfield since half-time Liverpool have had more than 75% of the ball just missing that probing as you say Lallana who's been in such imperious form the form of his life so far this season massive blow for Liverpool when he went off injured for England in the week having scored scored his last three internationals now Adam Lallana Southampton product he played 260 odd games down here in the first half of the season and he's got a lot of good here on the south coast including a goal for Southampton at Wembley a couple of promotions as well he really would have relished the opportunity to come back and take on his old side today it's neatly done by Emre Can Milner good vision from him Klein getting forward Sadia Mane now for Liverpool lots of Ryan Bertrand Flickr Southampton loan he's going to watch it menu as the same he's being build up to keep north opal has been the strategy for next year and could instantly look up here I think pretty easily away from the helpers the first seven quarter основations the Lakers played last year the Liverpool forward three today? There's probably an element of that. We were at Burnley earlier in the season with a similar type performance, if you like. A team that sat with men behind the ball. Burnley were very organised and disciplined and went with their runners and stayed in their positions. And Southampton have done exactly that today. So that's made it difficult for Liverpool to break through them. Liverpool's best chances, as we've said already, have come from Southampton mistakes. Firmino battling. And Bertrand has conceded the free kick. Having initially been caught by the Brazilian. Sorry, they've done enough to get back in possession. But this is a set-piece opportunity for Liverpool. There haven't been too many of those for either side today. Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! Coutinho and Henderson, the two players who are trying to mastermind something. Mark Plattenberg going inside that penalty area to make sure that there's nothing under ward going on. A line of six Southampton players. Swung in dangerously! Somehow it didn't go in. Matip attacking it. It's a corner. What a ball from Coutinho. Such a dangerous ball in with great pace. Thinking force is going to come and get it and clean out Matip. He doesn't, but he keeps himself big. It's the defender's knee. In comes the corner. Again, Southampton not defending it with any skill at all. A major threat. Two set-pieces now. Matip has come closest on both occasions. He's down to it this time. But for the first one, Charlie Austin did well to make sure he didn't steer it into his own net from that one. Matip will feel that he should have scored. Just the time is run and jump fractionally better he would have done. He scored his first Liverpool goal at Palace in their last away game. Four goals that day. Ten in the last two Premier League matches for Liverpool, but nothing so far today. Good ball in towards Austin. Well, Southampton chances have been isolated. That's the kind of opportunity they have to put away. Mistake for Emre Can. And Cedric, who's done brilliantly at right-back today, gets himself forward. And it has to be a perfect ball because there's only Charlie Austin in there. But he finds him. And he rises above the opposite full-back, Nathaniel Clyne. Can't guide it. Goal. Can't guide it. Goalwards. Big chance. Here's Milner. Coutinho. The game beginning to open up now with chances. Coming with increasing regularity at either end as we approach the arm-arm. Coutinho cleverly letting it run for Henderson. Clyne is in space on the Liverpool right. Matic finds him. Firmino trying to draw Virgil van Dijk out of position. Back for Henderson. Chan, one of the Liverpool players, waiting on the edge of the penalty area. Very firm challenge by Bouffal on Clyne. Right in front of the assistant referee. Then puts the ball out of play. Because he thought that Clyne might need some treatment. He's full-blooded. And Bertrand missed the first tackle on Nathaniel Clyne. And then there's a real jump from Bouffal. It's not a nice tackle. It's a pretty dangerous lunge in. And it's a good one. But it's not a good one. Coutinho with a good turn. Cedric pulled him back. And it's going to be a yellow card. fans not happy they should have a free kick the opposite end and then a free kick given against them Sergio Conchita definite pull of the shirt though first player to have his name taken good angle on Milner's ball in font got his head to it back in from Emre Chan money faced up by Davis let it run out of play for a corner that keeps it alive back for Milner this time Davis's block sees it come back off Milner for a Southampton throw be much better from Liverpool in the second half though unfortunately definitely increase the tempo that forcing Southampton back Jurgen Klopp inherited a side that wasn't scoring they've hardly stopped since he took charge since his appointment the Reds have netted more goals than anyone else in the Premier League this season we've had the most shots on target in Europe's top five leagues not too many today though and this is続 driveway to make the patch go word guidelines great run through Mick rela größte third of the game remains and either of these sites turn one point into three and are leaning into van Dijk that time as the free kick goes Southampton's way just getting a little bit feast in completely now sent to meet a breather Southampton need a breather, because they come under intense pressure in the first 15 minutes of the second half. Taking their time now over the dead ball. Let's try and get a few passes in. They need an out ball as well. Charlie Austin has struggled to make an impression up top. He's had the best chance, mind, heading narrowly wide. Hoi Bia. Hoi Bia. Redmond might have been offside had the pass not been deflected out of play by Lovren. Bouffal. Tackled by Emre Can. Milner getting it forward for Mina. Klein bumping onto his right-hand side here. Just missed Wijnaldum there. He's starting to get further forward, though. Gini Wijnaldum from midfield. Making those runs beyond Firmino. And Firmino drops into midfield, looking to stretch that Southampton back line. Well, Jurgen Klopp's side have been in a bad position. Impressive in many areas today. They've had nearly 200 more passes than Southampton in the game. Their ability to be able to take sides apart has been well documented this season. In fact, they scored four or more in five of their 11 league games. But it's their ability to be able to grind out results when perhaps they haven't been at their most fluent best. That was something that Leicester could do last season. A number of 1-0 victories for them. Can Liverpool... do that on a day like today, in a game like this? Here's an opportunity. Emre Can... drags it well wide. Well, it opened up nicely for him as well. Could he have driven on a little bit further, Emre Can? Firmino's pass and a couple of overs. He's in on goal. Drags the shot wide. It's a good chance for Emre Can. Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! Emre Can! His last two matches. Unable to celebrate his 100th Liverpool goal with his sixth goal for the club. 100th Liverpool game, I beg your pardon. His sixth goal for the club. Can. You made the point about breaking teams down. Particularly defensive sides. You've seen Burnley do it. Man United did it a little bit at Anfield. Hampton today. sitting back, frustrating Liverpool. I think teams are going to cotton on to that and say maybe that's the way to play against them. You can't play expansive football because the way Liverpool play on the counter-attack and the pace and quality they've got in the final third, you give them too many opportunities, too much space, and they'll take advantage. But when you're organised and disciplined, they can get frustrated. Good pirouette there by Hoibier. The Southampton can't get their way out of trouble. They can't get their way out of their own half at the moment. Coutinho. Oh, it's Firmino! The chances are beginning to come, but none of them are being taken. How important will misses like that be? Well, that's the biggest of the lot, and it's the two Brazilians that combine. Coutinho's ability to pick a pass and Firmino's run into space. He'll be so annoyed he hasn't hit the target. Great first touch at his feet. Pokes it wide. Southampton make their first change. Shane Long back from injury on the replace. Sofian Bufal. Cup record signing, getting just over an hour on his full Premier League debut. And scored on his other Southampton star, which came in the EFL Cup against Sunderland. How long will give them something different to think about now? Physical presence, so adept in the air. He doesn't have the trickery of the man that he replaced. That's a throw rather than a corner. And it's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. That's a three. But it's a three too strong, let Virgilio can work his way… Coutinho again driving forward. Chan taking on Cedric, going the long way round him and winning a corner. Liverpool's second corner of this second half Milner to take it five Liverpool players inside that Southampton penalty area and swung in deep Lovren off balance by the time the ball got there has just headed it straight out of play to the delight of the Southampton fans Jurgen Klopp I'm sure will feel that this is still winnable with a quarter of the game to go his side have been the better team the problem they've had is having shots on target just the one in the game between the two sides up to this point as we enter the final quarter Font now is that for backing your own ability to play your way out of trouble it would have been a horrible moment for him and he got that wrong he did that bit nicely then played a horrible pass to Cedric put him under real pressure and lose possession again just looking on the change Shane Long coming on the pitch I think that's a good change I just wonder whether he might be better suited up top he's got Jay Rodriguez on the bench as well in time he might take Charlie Austin off put Rodriguez on the left and Shane Long up top I think he wants to keep Charlie Austin on the pitch he's top scorer obviously if you're looking for a goal you want to keep people who put the ball in the back of the net on the pitch and he's got the ball in Van Dijk calm as personified Font had the time to get it away Redmond trying to turn it around the corner for Roy Bière but there's Coutinho back in defensive duty that time and winning the free kick as well well if he is tiring he's hiding it well he seems to be getting fresher as the game's going on Philippe Coutinho back from those games against Argentina and Peru Milner's ball in and Cedric between them getting away for a corner those Liverpool supporters sensing that they're getting closer totally agree with you on Coutinho maybe he was saving himself in that first half just keeping a bit in the tank for the second half because he's become more influential as the game's worn on Matip again forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball forward for the ball none of these Liverpool set pieces have been dealt with comfortably now a mistake by Henderson and it's Shane Long with the opportunity to run at the Liverpool back line four very quickly surrounded him defending in numbers getting the job done and handball by Coutinho he does offer that though Shane Long the ability to get his team up the pitch struggled to get support to him because he was up so quick Liverpool surrounded him and stopped the threat Matip Milner Liverpool pushing Southampton back inside their own final fervour, Hojbjerg winning possession and then trying to fashion a ball for Austin Matip will have the beating of him for pace and that is exactly why you want Shane Long in that position and not Charlie Austin because if he's playing that ball into the channel for Shane Long he wins that race Henderson, Coutinho, now Lovren today when the chances have been sporadic and the finishing when those chances have come hasn't quite been up to muster Austin will look back at his header which went wide but Roberto Firmino is the most guilty party so far Shane Long wins the throw he's made a difference since he's come on he just relieves a bit of pressure just by that 30 40 yard run up the pitch gets him to the half line they can take their time get themselves set again it's a big 10 days ahead for Southampton they travel to the Czech Republic to face Sparta Prague in their latest Europa League game knowing that a positive result will take them within a point of the knockout stages haven't been involved in Europe after Christmas for more than 30 years the prospect is the source of huge anticipation down here then after Ronald Koeman returns to St. Mary's with Everton next week Saints travel to Arsenal aiming for their first League Cup semi-final for 30 years to Some mouth-watering matches on the cards as far as Southampton are concerned Phillip it would be for them if they could go into that trio of games on the back of a win against the league leaders Still Liverpool that are looking far the more likely to win the game against the Liverpool players with Mane dropping deep almost the edge of the center circle there and here's Coutinho turning away from Hojbjerg Wijnaldum Henderson foul by Long referees played the advantage and it's a goal by Hojbjerg and it's a goal by Hojbjerg and Adam is back on his feet could hear the yelp of pain as he went down from here and it's a goal by Hojbjerg Milner and it's a goal by Milner Coutinho and it's a goal by Milner Coutinho and it's a goal by Milner patience is a virtue then it's a virtuous performance from Liverpool today and it's a goal by Milner have to keep believing that and doing what's best for Liverpool today and it's a goal by Milner this Is about the kickoff Phil this Is about the kickoff WHAT A GOAL but he makes an attempt to see it and he gets it buttoned up with an Ayase gentleman there by Firmino Parker K Empire before the throw is taken and Charlie Austin will come off it's Jay Rodriguez who's going to come on to replace him Rodriguez has scored in this fixture back in 2013 he's had major injury worries since then and he replaces Austin for the final 15 minutes or so that's a move that may well see Long go through the middle and Rodriguez stay wide exactly that just gives you that opportunity to hit it Long into the channels and let Shane Long run after it by now then Liverpool's call for the cavalry is imminent as well Daniel Sturridge getting ready Matip Mane it's Milner first time ball in Van Dijk dealt with it there ahead of Firmino again at the expense of another Liverpool corner and these corners have looked like being a potent avenue for them we've had all but one of the game seven corners back out to Coutinho battling trying to get away from Cedric but he couldn't do so and Southampton happy just to hammer it upfield just to give themselves some there and a rare counterattack for Southampton and that's an annoyance a strike we get but it was magic fanboys and fans was just somewhere else all watching electro the game t começa a hora general trade for Southampton as it was announced family-lly yeah they've been aroundа Giños bands come in comes M Señora Leite that goes Yep, five or six red and white shirts in the Liverpool half. They're not there for long. He's going to come back again. Hojbjerg has stayed down injured. Milner. Chan, Van Aalden trying to tiptoe his way through and needed a last-ditch challenge from Bertrand to get it away. Hojbjerg back on his feet. And play continues with Henderson in possession for Liverpool. Coutinho. Redmond did well before being fouled. A few recriminations as well. Yellow card for Philippe Coutinho. And for Liverpool. Going off number two. Three, Emre Can. So Liverpool will make their first change and it's an attacking one as well. Could have been a straight swap. But Sturridge will come on for midfielder Emre Can. I can't say I'm surprised at the substitution. I think it's a good one. My only surprise is it's taken so long for Jurgen Klopp to make it. And it's a good one for Liverpool. And it's a good one for Liverpool. And Southampton are going to make a change as well. It's their final change. And Hojbjerg will be replaced by Harrison Reid. That is a like-for-like swap. Reid, if anything, more defensive-minded than the man he's replaced in the engine room there for Southampton. Reid coming on for his first Premier League appearance. Of the campaign. He only made one last year. Prior to the Southampton Academy. From down the coast from here in Sussex. Staked by Redmond. Well, no change in formation for Liverpool. All it's meant is Daniel Sturridge has now taken up that centre-forward role. Firmino out on the left-hand side. And Coutinho's just dropped into Emre Can's position in midfield. He's got an excellent record. Here's Sturridge. And he was almost played in straightaway by Coutinho. Bertrand had time to run round that and clear. Sturridge scored twice in the 6-1 win here in the League Cup last season. And also scored in the League game as well. Hasn't got a Premier League goal all season. A run that stretches back some ten games now into last season's trip to Newcastle. And he's got a good start to the season. He's got a good start to the season. He's got a good start to the season. And this would be the most opportune moment to end that drought from a Liverpool perspective. Here is Sturridge. Tricky feet. It's a good ball in. Well, it's just been one of those days for Liverpool. Liverpool. Well, he fell asleep. Brilliant from Daniel Sturridge. He worked it superbly to lift that ball to the far post. I think it might be Shane Long. The far post. He falls asleep. And doesn't see the run. Comes incredibly close to nodding Liverpool in front. Well, Nathaniel Clyne didn't score too many goals here at St Mary's when he was a Southampton player. He really had done the hard work. Should have scored one there. Liverpool still looking for the goal that will guarantee that they stay top after this round of fixtures. Depending on other results, of course, they might not need one. A hill nail could be enough, but... It's the winning run. Going to come to an end. Into the final ten minutes. Ten minutes of attack versus defence. If... The rest of this second half is anything to go by. It's been pretty much all Liverpool. Southampton had that Charlie Austin chance when he nodded narrowly wide. But apart from that, Liverpool have done all the pressing. Coutinho. Redmond. And Lovren battling with him. He won it cleanly. Firmino. Coutinho did very well there. Just allowed the ball to run across him, but significantly across the face of Reid as well. Milner. Coutinho. Clyne making his way forward again on the Liverpool right-hand side. Getting the better of Rodriguez. It's Sturridge. Can he turn? Firmino. Philly Coutinho. Southampton getting the ball. The block in the way. Forster with an important save from Firmino. Still Liverpool knock at the door. Still. It won't be open. Great block on the edge of the box. Romero. I think it was from Coutinho's shot. Opens up for Firmino. And a good save again from Fraser Forster. Away to his left. Deep ball in towards Matic. Van Dijk got it away. And Milner from distance is some way away. I think it's a right smile rather than anything else from Jurgen Klopp. It's not been a poor performance by any stretch of the imagination for Liverpool, but the potency has been lacking today. They've been frustrated against a good defensive performance from Southampton. A good organisation. You can see James Milner shooting from distance. It might take something spectacular to break it down. Well, in the second half, it's been all but three quarters of the ball for Liverpool. And that against a side who've had the majority of possession all but two of their league games so far. Southampton have paid Liverpool the ultimate respect today. They've been more than prepared just to sit in and try and soak it up. I think it's going to be a good one, if they can put in a bit of extra effort. Hope something breaks their way. Been much more concerned about making sure nothing breaks Liverpool's way. But they've missed the chances for Mino and Kline. We'll look back at their prof legacy potentially. Sturridge. Mane... not able to get into a position to attack that. It's a clever pass from him, though. Henderson. Coutinho. Straight up, Forster. Jose Font is thankful for that because he was caught out of position on the halfway line Sturridge ran into that space ends up in a Coutinho cross it's a pretty simple one for Fraser Forster in the end having made it to the top is Liverpool's tenure of first place gonna be just one round of matches an objective get some daylight between themselves and the chasing pack they've got a decent set of fixtures coming up to achieve it with their next four matches all against sides currently in the bottom eight it's been one of the most impressive facets of their start that they've already played four of the other five teams in the top six here they come again Bertrand shuffling across the clear Reid there ahead of Henderson back from Matip and he's got a very good shot Bertrand for Rodriguez long gave chase is a handball that's claimed by the crowd just looking away to the right-hand side Karius in the Liverpool goal he's had absolutely nothing to do today he hasn't had one save to make that has been part of Southampton's problems this season that the chances have been created by the players to get the ball back in the box and that's what we're going to see in the next match they did the principal problems been putting them away they've only scored with every 15th attempt that's the worst ratio in the league can improve that then the results may well improve markedly today haven't even been able to create the chances let alone put them away not a single shot for Karius to save as you say man Henderson Henderson four minutes remaining could easily be another four minutes to be added on by way of stoppages Firmino Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Font in the line of fire to block Rodriguez well that well by Henderson but Liverpool haven't got the ball back Redmond and Sol Davis short Manet Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his try Manet Sturridge final them takes it into his turn Andrew Lerner elli Lambie man Acting It's been done it's been done it's been done it's been done Now Cedric able to bring the ball forward. Southampton dream of being able to nick one near the end. Milner with a challenge on Reid. Then Henderson. But Davis has got it for Southampton. Bertrand. Back to him from Redmond. Swung in too deep for long. Pills for handball were very optimistic. Away by Milner again. But optimistic and inevitable claims from Southampton fans. Maybe they sense that there's a chance to win this game. I think the referee has given a foul throw there. Yes he has. The Premier League seasons are nine months long. 38 enthralling games. But they can hinge around odd. Isolated moments. Is there one lying ahead of us that we will look back on in May as being obviously a good one? The dirty it can kill you. Oh yes. H captive goal you can ask Nick D'Amico, but I don't think that we will talk about him because the camera is gone, it's gone. It has been said that the body of the Nicolas Fulham player remains verse 10% of the time into the athlete's lineup he has some sign of 1977. Fulham have three special model of sports time of the US allá by 1200 a few moments, time as you have with all the Rodriguez clears but it's out of play for a Liverpool throw into the 90th minute they're leaving it late but they still have a man who has a wonderful goal scoring record that they can call upon Divock Origi got a hat trick in the League Cup win here last season and he will be on in a moment you understand for Mane can he make an impact with his last contribution wins the corner Liverpool will make the change to get Origi on before the corner will they four minutes of stoppage time confirmed by the assistant referee and they will make the change Shurigi coming on and Mane unable to add to his wonderful record of scoring goals in this fixture there's a lot of confusion there about who was coming on I think Firmino thought it was him eventually it's Mane that makes way and then it's Mane and then it's Mane and then it's Mane Origi on potentially awkward for Forster it was a miscue skidding ball on a wet surface might have caused the England international problems waste as much time as he thinks he can get away with here Fraser Forster this is a tumulus with the infielder there's no thought for overdose the fake striker it alsoすべて to shame Sanchez it's Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez here's the ticket Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez of an elusive first Premier League crowd, but their manager has urged his players to forget about the league table. Their focus, he says, should only be on today. Liverpool in their change kit, kick from left to right in this first 45 minutes. Everyone's been so impressed by Liverpool's press, and it's from the first whistle as well, so Anson play the ball backwards, and Roberto Firmino's quick to close down, and they're on the front foot already. Send it back into Southampton's side today after injury. And there is another example of the work rate of Firmino. From Peru to Polokwane, Liverpool have been well represented in the World Cup qualifiers, but now after South America, or South Africa, it's Southampton. The forward three have been the scourge of Premier League defences, but they've been accruing tens of thousands of air miles between them over the last ten days. It's to their credit that all three are in a position to start today, and how much of an effect will the week's workload have this afternoon? Yet another of the Southampton old boys, Klein with the throw. One back by Davis. Font closed down very quickly. Sensed the danger of Coutinho, one side of him, and Firmino, the other. Forced to take the safe route out of play. Must be a nightmare, centre-half, when you're up against this Liverpool team, because they close you down so quickly. In the end, Jose Font sensibly put the ball out of play. Van Alden. First contribution from Hojbjerg. Southampton fans have been calling for him to come back into the side, in recent weeks, to replace Jordi Klasi. Hojbjerg with the opportunity today. Introduction of Bouffal, incidentally, means a slightly different role for Nathan Redmond, who you saw there. He's playing predominantly on the right-hand side of the forward three, which has been the berth that Tadic has occupied all season. Southampton did start the campaign playing with a diamond in midfield, but it is very much... a 4-3-3 now, matching up Liverpool. There is Hojbjerg. Romelu. Definitely disguised pass to find Redmond. High ball swung in by Hojbjerg. Boston was attacking it, the... shot might have been close. Ryan Burcham doesn't score many. The block was important. That was a hopeful cross, really. And Liverpool didn't clear their lines particularly well. And it's thankful for a Matic block, because that ball was flying from Burcham. Steven Davis with the first corner of the game. Van Aert unable to... get it out of the penalty area, but it would come straight back with Davis finding Redmond here. He's offside, though. And it's a good one. It's a good one. Been so impressed by Nathan Redmond. Start of his Southampton career. And actually, do you know, out on the right-hand side might suit him today. Up against James Milner. I think... I'll be saying, try and stay wide as much as possible. Yeah, you want to try and join in and get alongside Charlie Austin, but if you can isolate James Milner one-on-one, you've definitely got the pace to beat him. Van Dijk. Font. Van Aert. Van Aert. Van Aert. Sadio with the long ball forward, which Southampton's leading scorer, Charlie Austin, couldn't do any more than guide through to Karius. Liverpool beaten. Just the one so far this season. That early-season defeat at Burnley, where they had 25 shots to three. Managed to lose 2-0. Since then, though, they've gone unbeaten in nine in the league. That constitutes their best record under Jurgen Klopp. They dropped only four more. points in the process Mané Lovren think of all the departures that they have been from Southampton to Liverpool in recent times it was Lovren's that upset the locals the most only been at the club for a year expect that he might get the coldest reception no foul there on Redmond Coutinho for Emre Can who's making his 100th Liverpool appearance today now Clyne and fine album just gave Clyne too much to do on the return pass frustrated with himself they didn't find Nathaniel Coyne out the right hand side but just look at the way the two teams are set up I think Jordan Henderson and Romero are gonna be key the pass from Emre Can that's over here because they're the ones that are gonna be free in terms of trying to build play up they've got to demand the ball be available all the time because they're the ones who haven't really got a man-to-man job to do in that midfield Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Can we see a man to man game? Romero in there strongly on Firmino and there is Henderson making the comparison between Henderson and Romero both the three men in midfield but two very different types of midfielders Romero very much a destroyer Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man and Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man and Henderson a deep-lying passing midfielder Well Romero's a good man can see thatISA can strike the time here good cameos whether or not there's going to have the to take control at home Nice at home the Blues tell you that it's Lovren in possession Henderson Coutinho patient build-up again from Liverpool Mane everybody bar Charlie Austin back behind the ball the striker doing everything he can to try and wave his teammates out now it's Lovren again Henderson Klein on Alden Liverpool's probing here patient in the extreme slow progress forward but retaining the ball now Cedric Kerber to clear for Redmond that was good shape by Southampton we already talked about Henderson getting on the ball he's seen plenty of it in the early stages he's kept it going five and ten yards but at times he's going to have to be a bit more adventurous with his passing go for that longer pass maybe the big diagonal try and get one of his players in here's Van Alden options to his right hand side one of them Klein one back well by Bouffal and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Henderson and then the free kick is given away by Firmino and the challenge on Ryan Bertrand slightly over eager Firmino he's jumped into the challenge Roberto Firmino scored in his last two matches six goals for him so far this season another that was over in South America playing for Brazil in the impressive victory against Argentina in the first leg of the World Cup qualifiers in the first leg of the World Cup qualifiers Mané might have snuck back through for Mané had Firmino not intercepted the pass that I'm sure wasn't intended for him Mané was definitely the target Firmino just got in the way such fluid movement though from those front three such fluid movement though from those front three there's a lovely ball from Lovren there's a lovely ball from Lovren fighting Milner forward but Cedric there to block this Liverpool's longest unbeaten run for over three years it's 12 without defeating all competitions it's their best run of form since the 13 game streak back in 2013 the club that ended that run Southampton who's winning Anfield that day knocked Liverpool off the top of the table but the man who did the damage has different loyalties now and here he is, Dejan Lovren he's his header he's his header who won that game for Southampton Dejan Dejan Mané Bertrand in strongly Dejan Mané inclined the 2 former Southampton players operating in tandem down the right hand side couldn't find each other Dejan Mané the 5th player to have moved from Southampton to Liverpool in this match Southampton to Liverpool in the recent past. This is his first trip back to St Mary's after a £34 million move. A netted for Saints in all three meetings of the two teams last season, which obviously was one of the major factors in Liverpool's interest in him. It's been a solid start to the season for Southampton. They're through to the quarter-finals of the EFL Cup. They're in the midst of what promises to be their best European campaign for a generation. League form hasn't held up quite so well, though. Coming to this game after back-to-back league defeats. On the back foot here as well. Milner for Coutinho. Romelu just able to take advantage of a first touch that wasn't up to scratch. And Redmond's done well to get away from Chan. Excellent defending from Lovren. He's only one win in the last five games now in the league for Southampton, which came against Burnley. Even in that performance, there were aspects of frustration at the inability to take a higher proportion of the number of chances that came their way. Mane and Wijnaldum linking up well. Coutinho. First-time ball back in from Clyde. Oh, Romelu left it for everybody else. And Firmino almost took advantage. Bertrand just there in the nick of time for Southampton. Two very important interceptions by him, though. Particularly on the edge of the box, he made an excellent tackle. This is where I think he has to be brave, though, when Southampton win the possession back, because they don't just want to be lumping it up to Charlie Austin. They've got to try and play through midfield. He's got to be brave to get on the ball. McClure-Puel revealed he had no specific plans for today. He was quoted as saying, I think it was important that Southampton just play their game, but the theory and the reality might be slightly different. By and large, Southampton have the majority of possession in the games in which they play, but they've had barely a third of the ball in the opening 13 minutes or so today. Hojbjerg. Cedric with the delivery. He was looking for Charlie Austin. Cedric again. Probably took it too soon. It's worked well by Southampton in midfield. Had time to take a touch and pick a better cross. Didn't get that right. He didn't get his shot right either. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. Cedric. And it works in. Cedric. And it works in. Oh, that went by perfectly and that was an throw by Sylvain, Oh, that went by perfectly and that was an throw by Sylvain, Van Dijk's head at Davies. Van своей The applyable to get there first. Vanemetery Beery's back. He Nicholas for handball against He Nicholas for handball against but defensively he's going to have to be at his most alert. It certainly is. Liverpool have got two full-backs that love to bomb on. Gilles Milne from left back, predominantly a midfield player but likes to get forward and Nathaniel Clyne never stops trying to make advances into the final third. A emphatic header from Cedric. Liverpool's fans certainly haven't been short-changed over the first quarter of the season. They've seen an average of four goals a game. The Reds themselves comfortably the leading scorers coming into the weekend. Despite all the possession they've had in the early stages, yet to register a shot on target up to this point. They're up against an organised team. Defensively, they're very... They're solid and silent and, you know, first 15, 16 minutes, they've been happy to sit back and allow Liverpool to have lots of the ball and not get broken down. Hojbjerg. Davis. Mane. Just seeing Romelu come in or, probably more accurately, not seeing Romelu come in to dispossess him. Here's an opportunity for Bouffal, who's an old-fashioned winger in so much that he can go either way round a full-back. Desai used his hand there, but Mark Plattenberg, the referee, well-placed, allows play to go on. And this time he does give Liverpool a free kick for the foul on Mane. It was the first sighting, really, of Bouffal. He hasn't had too much of the ball. In the early stages, looking to take that back line on, and I think it was Jordan Henderson one-on-one with him. Cross just slightly under hit. Funt with the clearance. Hojbjerg. Yeah. to go down here. Southampton's resolve might offer a genuine test of Liverpool's free-scoring attack. They've had one of the best defensive records in the league for a couple of years now. Theirs is better than Liverpool's this season, but they do give sides chances here. Since February, only Swansea have failed to score here in the league. so i have to look for that long ball forward towards austin on numerous occasions so far he needs to do a lot better in his last attempt trying to hold the ball up just allowed matic to come over the top of him and win a clean header at least put some pressure on him van ouden battling foibier van oudem stone well now manu's got plenty of pace van dyke had enough of a head start and the referee has pulled play back though there was no discernible advantage so he's going to give a free kick for uh an indiscretion i think by austin foibier battling there with van oudem and that was the challenge from davis that the referee took exception to well there's probably two fouls there foibier and davis mark lattenberg well with his rights to bring it back standout thing there was van dyke's pace because you're thinking mane's going to get the other side of him comfortably and yet he kept up well with him новая лиp Shap now their option that's wearing out Raene Cross rem konnten a Christmas break where is his arm MR? well at least to be honest comrade his arm was out there papyrus3 That attack and the opportunity to try and turn this Liverpool back line. In terms of Southampton's best attacks, they've come down the right-hand side. Cedric bombing on from right back. He and Redmond combining well down that side. It's often a slightly lopsided formation at Southampton play because Cedric is a more attack-minded full-back than Ryan Bertrand. Does offer that balance. Font, Hojbjerg, close down quickly. But not fairly by Henderson. Southampton were beaten by a clinical Chelsea display in their last home league game. Austin offside here. Followed that up with a goal. A comfort behind victory over Inter Milan in the Europa League that was probably more typical of the display since Claude Puel and Eric Black took over. In fact, Chelsea are the only team to have beaten the Saints here at St Mary's in the league in 2016. Although they've done it twice. They've won 10 out of the last 13 matches here in all competitions. So I think this will be a good barometer of Liverpool's title aspirations today. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Forlorn there in the Hampshire rain. Of which there has been plenty. Liverpool. Liverpool. pergunta of the休景 matted matted matted Watermeyer Bo Programm Bo Programm Bahrain Bahrain territorial contnost occurrence international group professional criminal trying to stride forward through the midfield but his run curtailed not over the committee southampton as i say they're quite happy to sit back i don't think they've got particularly the personnel to do the high press with charlie austin up top you think if shane long's in the side then he can do that van alden is on side he took it down neatly and then went down but not under a challenge from van dyke away by buffal redmond caught by milner over the first player spoken to by referee clattenberg so that's asking the question why they weren't allowed to play to continue play the advantage could always have brought it back as he did for liverpool moments ago it's a foul just a little bit too quick nathan redmond for james milner it has to be said that the playing conditions are conducive to missed time challenges today it was redmond's quickness of thought and feet that caused the problems for milner there what kind of day were it it's like you've been asked your time andност chcia the match it seems. the Tudor government has decided it's going to be a tough win than ever it'll definitely be hard on them Matip's ball forward returned by Fonk van Alden deputising for Adam Lallana in the midfield that's an excellent pass forward for the pacey Mane but again Van Dijk equal to him in that commodity and he had to be big fan of Van Dijk's he's got all the attributes to be a top class centre back the one thing he'd say is concentration with him Coutinho took three to stop him and Fonk did stop him now Auston I thought he was fouled by Chan the referee didn't Romelu in strongly this time he pulls play back to give Liverpool a free kick when Van Alden had wanted the advantage to be played thanks to the disgust of the Southampton fans I'd say it's a competitive game though you're right about the conditions and challenges flying in but both sides are playing at a good tempo Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson Henderson now Klein that's it Bouffal in strongly Henderson knew that he had to cover the run of Auston who was trying to make it he's got to make his way in behind him who's in there strongly on Van Alden will be spoken to and the free kick is going to have to be taken again because Mark Clattenburg wants a word with the Spanish midfielder of Southampton he's been fairly lenient so far Mark Clattenburg some rash tackle from Romelu could easily have seen yellow he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot and the Irishman he's mad he's mad and then, he's mad and then, write up he's mad and then, write up the Macron No Much deeper to Qué務 the game just trying to disrupt that Sanam some backline to be honest drag someone out of position Mane's now playing up top and Firmino out on the right-hand side they're just trying to a bit more movement to try and dislodge this Sanam some backline have been pretty organized so far now Klein finding space Bertrand was taking up a narrow defensive position good ball in from Klein fine out of clever touch Mane good say Sadio Mane got a history of scoring goals in this picture but denied by Fraser Forster there well and there he pops up not standing out on the right hand side changed his position he opens up nicely for him that's a good save from Fraser Forster Liverpool's first corner causing problems Tino's delivery it was Mane with what could have been a potent near post flick Cedric's given it away work right off the ball of Firmino again coming up trumps for Liverpool it's right in front of the linesman I think was too close for it Fraser Forster's made a fantastic stop here well he has because Mane's in plenty of space and he does everything right aiming that ball to the far post he gets a really strong hand on it Fraser Forster Fraser Forster hasn't kept a clean sheet yet but he's got a good chance of winning the game he's got a good chance of winning the game he's got a good chance of winning the game Fraser Forster after going more than 500 minutes without conceding at one stage earlier this season Fraser Forster after going more than 500 minutes without conceding at one stage earlier this season Mane got a couple of goals against Watford in the last match got a couple of goals here last season as well and missed the penalty Southampton came back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 he also scored in the opening seconds of Liverpool's 6-1 win here in the League Cup quarter-final here in the League Cup quarter-final here in the League Cup quarter-final and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield he's come closer than anyone to break in the deadlock today with what's been an intriguing opening half an hour having elapsed intriguing opening half an hour having elapsed and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield and that is Southampton's goal at Anfield only one since August of Liverpool failed to beat their opposition that was the goal of straw with Manchester United this time last month only points that they've dropped out of the last 24 Mane and that is Southampton's goal and that is Southampton's goal Mane K Sheriff Mane those two men four and these two are not Mane Zidane Zidane after moving from Crystal Palace Henderson boy bearing very strongly Romero's a clever touch Bufal couldn't bring it into his stride lover and they're ahead of Davis the clear now Van Dijk I was interesting to read those cool Puel comments about the style of play today sense that Southampton would have to change things with the league's most prolific attack prime to make the most of any space that Saints attacking might leave them and they have done that given the ball away cheaper here Mane making a good run off the ball you're going to have to be careful here Mane making a good run off the ball but Coutinho couldn't find him also he's beginning to find a little bit more space there but Southampton still not finding their teammates frustration also frustration for Philippe Coutinho as well it's not quite happened for him as yet he's bundled off the ball a couple of times you wonder whether it has taken its toll in fact he's been away on international duty played a couple of games Firmino played a lot less minutes away with Brazil it's a little bit sharper of the two just carrying this little injury as well Coutinho I don't think that that was a smoke screen when he arrived back got off the plane on Wednesday nights complaining of a slight soreness in his hamstring it's got a wonderful goal at this end of the ground a couple of years ago or a couple of seasons ago about 18 months ago and a 2-0 Liverpool win here here's Mane Poivier forcing him backwards and forcing the error but Lovren again there to sweep up for Liverpool now Chan Coutinho give him half a yard and he's capable works it onto his right foot probably blocked off by Davis to the far post he had to go to the near post Mane Poivier good record against Southampton as well three goals and his six matches against them in all competitions Bertrand's the time that he needed to turn he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot it took me a while before I thought he'd be able to go he lost when he was two but he wasn't that he didn't yes he was still out there lost when he's two but he wasn't 16 with eight out there 16 with eight out there then he needed to turn forced her again looking long when there was a pass on to Bertrand at left back in the man who's done the damage for Saints this season eight goals in nine starts but those have come from the penalty spot he's five without a goal in open play he's really struggling at the moment out of your picture Henderson and I buy van Dijk Davis the fire wins the throat Austin is laboring on he's doing everything he can to continue Shane long would be the natural replacement so bad mistake there by Bufal presenting this ball straight to Firmino Mane Coutinho makes his way into the middle Cedric across him right back to deal with the threat one individual error sometimes all it takes can't afford to give a ball a chance like that particularly on the back of how well they've defended the opening 35 minutes one misplaced pass and all of a sudden Liverpool are on the attack covering by Cedric at right back this has been Liverpool's best start to a Premier League season since Rafa's Reds took the same number of points back in 2008 they were already nine points better off than they were this time last year most significantly I think back then they'd only scored 12 goals at this point now they've got 30 their most prolific start to a season since 1987 there was one article published this week that what about Liverpool's ability potentially to beat Chelsea's all-time Premier League record number of goals scored in a season long way to go of course you you you change going about things in a different manner under Poole the wide delivery for the aerial threat of Graziano Pella by and larger thing of the past now having scored so many headers last season they haven't had a single goal come that way yet so Mane was eased out of the way there by Bertrand but nothing was given much to but nothing was given much to Liverpool players disgust Liverpool players disgust Austin battling but it's a Liverpool throw Austin battling but it's a Liverpool throw Oh Oh oh oh oh done a good job Aurel Romeo so far in midfield for Southampton just picking up a lot of loose balls and making challenges up against the attacking players of Liverpool doesn't venture too far forward either look at his position now he's just 5-10 yards maybe at most away from Van Dijk in front it's a real good triangle for Southampton to build their defensive work on Romeo the player that was brought to the club as the replacement for Victor Wanyama I knew that Wanyama was likely to be on his way so brought Romeo in and he's a firm favourite with the home support now you can hear his name being chanted as we speak that was the precursor for a mistake here's Mane trying to capitalise on it Mane teasing it inside the penalty area and Mane Cedric dealt with it very calmly indeed incredibly cool as well aware of what was around him poor throw from Forster and Firmino's offside he was but three chances Liverpool created in about the last 10 minutes they've all come from Southampton mistakes Bouffal's misplaced back pass Mameo giving one away in the middle of the pitch and then Fraser Forster with the ball and a poor throw out to Redmond causing their own problems Southampton can't afford to do that again such a good attack inside as Liverpool they will take advantage Southampton actually finished above Liverpool in the league last season remarkably that was the first time it had ever happened signs are that if it happens again this year it will be the best season in Saints history that has stayed the same but they can't well moved up to the final it's been a game. with the Mine Smooth side this makes it clear there's just too much time out and then posture that sort of takes care of as Precisely instead of was only just the knuckle hasn' a push to Вс Mane Martin's resolution. Van Alden attacking this one. Davis had tracked him all the way back. Henderson now. Ran out of room. Poi-Bierre. Here's Charlie Austin. Very little in the way of immediate support. Bouffal, the only player he could see up with him, and he was some way away from finding him. Firmino. Van Alden. Mane. Sadio Mane's in this time until Van Dijk was there in the nick of time with another important block. Well, that is top-class defending from Virgil van Dijk. Beaten far too easily, Charlie Austin was, and Liverpool spring the counter. But what a tackle. Keeps pace with him. He's done that all afternoon. Mane's so quick, but Van Dijk is quick enough to get across and make the challenge. Brilliant defending. He's been excellent. Hasn't missed a Premier League game since signing. Mane. Build the defence around him and Font. Henderson's ball in. Cedric with the block. And then with the touch back inside his own penalty area, which could have been hazardous. Davis made sure that it wasn't. A state by Lovren. From Milner pass. Davis trying to get it forward quickly. Redmond. Cedric finally Buffal. Hojbjerg. This is more fluent from Southampton. Bertrand. Buffal. Nice turn by Bertrand. Couldn't get the better of Clyne. Down here. From Davis. Romelu Maillot. Climbed with Van Aalden. Chan finding Milner. He's now made that left back spot his own. Firmino. Van Aalden. Mane. An omnipresent threat. Ball back behind Coutinho. Just allows Southampton to regroup. And then Davis can make the most of Van Aalden. Aldam's awkward control. Redmond fall for Austin. Running at Matip. Trying to hold him off. He's going to have to go alone again. No Southampton player within 50 yards of him. He's incredibly isolated. It's very difficult. He hasn't really got the pace to go past Matip to get himself in on goal. So he had to hold the ball up as long as he could to try and wait for support. Van Dijk stepping up from the defensive line. Buffal. Still he goes. Underground of his own volition. Matip leaning into him shoulder to shoulder. It was a fair challenge. Now Coutinho. Van Alden. Mill was in space on the Liverpool left and Coutinho is alive for that. This is the earlier opportunity for Charlie Austin and he hasn't got the pace to get away from Matip. Just hold on to it. Hold on to it as long as you can. But he doesn't do that. Gives it away pretty cheaply in the end. He's not at the best half, Charlie Austin. Picked up a bit of a knock as well on the half hour mark. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! ского Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! The inquest will continue for the Southampton players and referee Clattenburg. Thought it was a foul on Davis. One or two in danger of talking their way into the book here. Austin giving chase. Matip was there. More perceptive ball for though from Bouffal. Matip with the clearance. Back from Van Dijk. Matip who has played in...