so away we go with the new style kickoffs do not require the ball to go forward the game Dan Lovren very warm in North London rivalry between these two clubs last season was very tight to drawn games last weekend of course Liverpool were in London at Wembley although it wasn't the strongest Barcelona side put before them you can only beat who was put before you Jurgen Klopp side of course won 4-0 they went Klopp's old club Mainz following day and played again and lost 4-0 in the next weekend part of Spain set up in Euro 2016 they didn't much game time oh Spaniard to propel the ball forward from the throw Roberto Moreno wouldn't have started if James Nuno had been fit chance for offside but Sadio Mane has got no flag and he has now certainly looked offside when he took the ball on did he need to take it on I was wondering what the assistant referee was doing he was offside clearly offside just took an age for that flag to go up didn't even go up there when he touched it and eventually it did he became much coveted after his time at Southampton which began here he played his first game in English football for Southampton here in the stadium and a win in the league items very michtig footwork from Simon Mignolet benefiting from the Thomas T Moss a few amendments and interpretations to contend with person who offers a good role in that time will enjoy the sight in front of them in space and get some good passes into them into midfield I thought Jürgen Klopp in his interview looked a little bit more relaxed than Arsene Wenger, talking about the three centre-backs missing. There's the two who were playing, and they had played together before in competitive football for England under-21s in the Toulon tournament, and they came home with winners' medals. I think that's probably the right thing, holding Svevi, he certainly could have used the Mon Royale as a central defender. Pierre Wilke, as we suspected, starting on the right, Alexis Sanchez in the middle, Bayern, of course it's got Mignolet backpedalling, backed in by Iwobi, and of course lost their opening game last season, it was here against West Ham. On the front foot now, and... great, forward. Positivity down both lengths, Arsenal in that attack. Svevi now moves back, holding, and Chambers move up. Something picked up, someone defending predominantly by Liverpool, and attacked by Lovren. And... back in by Kokela, but... straight forward from Mignolet, and he's playing for Liverpool for the 150th time today. His debut was spectacular on an opening day, and saved a penalty, to ensure a win. ... Alberto Moreno, who kept on running. ... It was a chance해야 maybe why the organisation set up, was Carlos." But now, he looks like the final coach, no , but today, that во Not all go well, the Brasil makes a 5 & 3 to the world! Here's Clyne, Mane wanting it fed into him. Chambers tied his up confidently and competently. And Arsenal on the move here. There's Clavan. Good work, Clavan getting the cross, managing the winner, Sanchez. And then the ball goes to Liverpool. Liverpool are in the lead. I think just in this first five or six minutes, Liverpool are at front three. I'll be encouraged by the space behind the Arsenal back floor. It's not quite materialised yet, but I'm sure it will if we can put some passes together. Arsenal nipped into second place on the final day of the Premier League season in May. Liverpool ended rather wearily in eighth. The joint lowest finish. The joint lowest finish ever in the Premier League. They've played a lot of other games. This one is the 38th in the league, 25 in all competitions, 63 in total. Most of any club in the top four English divisions. And not too much to show for it. Ramsey trying to get into a position where he could have received the throw in behind Liverpool's back line. Here's Sanchez. Oh, God. Took it on the first, did to Aaron Ramsey. Wasn't too much of an angle. Great little combination, he always passes fantastic. Exactly where he wants to receive it, Sanchez, and then Ramsey with those little runs off the centre-forward. Good pass! Henderson. We know as an athletic midfield player who loves to push forward. He's going to be a little bit restricted in the way Liverpool have set up here. More doing that sort of thing, getting in the way and intercepting and allowing Clermont to clear Lovren. We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, Newcastle team-mates are now experiencing, and it's been a tough start for them, of course. Nice work from Alexis Sanchez. And Barry. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. I think so, obviously, his will not be it. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. He's nowhere near as much as he is in the ten. Tuklau, good head as one by Chambers. Firmino. It's only a drop for Alex Iwobi. One of those who played in England, the youth set-ups, but opted for another country. Nigeria, in his case. Walcott. Holding. Holding. He's had a season, really, with the Bolton Wanderers. A magnificent move for him, and a great opportunity. So early on, Mignolet had a good starting position there. He went off his line for Sanchez. This is Rob Holding. It's a pretty tough season with Bolton, it must be said. He's shot. And here he is. He's got a good shot. Chambers has helped him fit in off the field, to his new working environment. I'm sure he'll play a part, though. He's relatively inexperienced himself. He is, isn't he? A senior international, Gary. We shouldn't forget that. He broke onto the scene, did really well. And then, it was after that Swansea game away, if you remember, he played right back, struggled, and then from there on... Got Montero'd. Yeah. And then didn't really get a kick. That's a good one. He's got a good shot. There he is. Ron Chambers, one of the number of players in this game who are grateful to Southampton for a part in their development. And he started two Premier League games last season, but one of them was at home to Liverpool, and he helped keep a clean sheet. Monday night, last August. Lovren, also ex-Southampton. A Liverpool trying to press, and Mane has got Firmino to his right. Hunting up for Don Real. Cross. Cross drifting out. I wondered if there might have been a deflection on it because of the lack of direction, but there wasn't. Well, he calls his football heavy metal style he couldn't play like Arsenal they're more orchestral he could never coach it i think we've got two teams that are trying to be very much in the images of their managers that's a lot better the first 10 minutes once Liverpool settle down and just start to play a few passes the recall some real problems very tight series of games yesterday a bit more opening the result from Bournemouth earlier today of course Chelsea against West Ham to come back to the top of the table tomorrow to turn infield where he's grateful to be fouled really he wants to move forward single up towards Patino Firmino they have to try when they win it back Liverpool and just play that first pass forwards and take the Arsenal midfield out the game they're just passing back a little bit too much the sprinklers were on for a long time before the game slow the playing surface at the moment here's Lallana Liverpool trying to open it up with the ball Henderson now Klein hit it hard and low and the check is able to hang on and that's having a good attack quickly it didn't allow Roby and Walcott to get back into that game with Mane made his debut in English football and Southampton won here Nathaniel Klein was amongst the scorers in that game he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium Clara and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium Clara and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium just moving the line of turn if you can get it around the corner space is there 10 years now at the Emirates for Arsenal celebrated the club of today's match program which last season cost £3.50 10 years now at the Emirates for Arsenal celebrated the club of today's match program which last season cost £3.50 a time free gift to all spectators so a time free gift to all spectators so a time free gift to all spectators so nice touch nice touch nice touch he was on the charge again from midfield his left back's gone Moreno he's erratic his left back's gone Moreno he's erratic even there diving in there and Ramsey his even there diving in there and Ramsey his rash his rash his rash from it seems to do everything at from it seems to do everything at from it seems to do everything at top top speed and never composed himself top top speed and never composed himself top top speed and never composed himself from slowing down a bit no even from slowing down a bit no even from slowing down a bit no even that's dangerous that's dangerous never composed himself you think of his never composed himself you think of his positions in the Europa League final positions in the Europa League final positions in the Europa League final where he give away a couple of goals where he give away a couple of goals where he give away a couple of goals in similar areas Linnaeus takes charge and Liverpool have takes charge and Liverpool have pulled everyone back a stop and survey for stop and survey for I think about where they know they paid quite a lot of money for him in your pre-match team announcement she's suggesting that he's filling in for the injured James Milner there's no question that James Milner would have been the first choice left back and may well play that position it's not a demotion from midfield it's because they regard him as a very good player in all sorts of different positions Milner got injured early in the match at Wembley last weekend stayed on for a while, it's a sore heel I'm sure knowing James Milner it would have been down to him, he would have played today it certainly tells you a lot about what Klopp's thinking about Moreno in terms of his trust and faith in him in moments like that a few minutes or so ago that will sort of hit home a little bit of ring rusty from Jordan Henderson as well and a foul by Claremont who's come all the way out with Aaron Ramsey Mike Holderbert gives Arsenal a free kick in a promising position when we say holding in the box we're not talking about a foul now it's the Arsenal defender Mignolet's off his line looking to squeeze that space behind him in his defence and just needs to put it onto that penalty spot swinging away from Mignolet perfect the chance to take that first time and really go for goal he took a touch, it widened the position and lessened the options he made up for it, it's a fantastic header Claremont did play for Estonia in the European qualifiers against England, got sent off actually in Tallinn and they knew he would have been offside chance coming late in his career he's in his 30s now he's the new mountain skirtle and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game Arsenal more into their style than Liverpool thus far Elneny they've settled down quicker than the squeeze in the game he's passing it better, Arsenal he'sinfected him play again the first up the first one when they can always be up a little too late the second shot more back hardest per set more training can stick with his computer can run off the bench could be a game-changer can stick with his computer certainly trusting Henderson Klein trusting Mane you know wanted to be slipped through the middle it takes let's look to Coutinho plenty Liverpool's change ship forward here money still working still wriggling asking for handball get back and get the corner that he was looking for subsequently still got a free kick as Wilcox just got his body in front of the impetuous Alberto Greene Liverpool's best bit of play starting with a good pass from Mignolet he's got it into midfield certainly not handball certainly hasn't been a good ground for Liverpool just one win trips to the Emirates still switched here from Highbury Aaron Ramsey own goal in that victory the goal from Luis Suarez Jurgen Klopp had a full pre-season that very much to his shaping alongside with the commercial department which is important to the way the pre-seasons are run by the top clubs Arsene Wenger in particular took a while to recognize that they go on their travels now as well Chambers, Iwobi, Coquelin challenged by Henderson a bit of trading places there between those two Walcott, Sanchez and you wonder whether they went from the grass much as they did today. It's a bit of a bit of a look at that just hold it up for Theo Walcott but it didn't quite look at Moreno he just turns his back on the play away he's a sight of where Walcott is but the pass is just over hit Jamie Carragher is up on the gantry with us Jamie some early impressions from you? Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. I think that to try and expose Arsenal's two young centre-backs but I think they've dealt very well at this moment. And a problem for Liverpool is they're very short in midfield because Firmino hasn't really got the pace to penetrate in behind and of course defeat and Arsenal are dealing with that very well. And those are running behind by Arsenal. Alexis Sanchez is caught offside. It's a game that you're watching 20 minutes in Arsenal. I think you've got to be careful. Definitely been the better team but just picking up on what Jamie's said there. I think if Liverpool could somehow put three or four passes together in and around that Arsenal midfield with the way in which Chambers and Holding are pushing up I think they really would get some joy. They haven't been able to do it yet. No running behind and no real aerial threats from Chambers and Holding. They've looked out to settle and they might have been. The runs will probably come from Mane, Coutinho and Lallana maybe from the position some wide in through the gaps between full-back and centre-back rather than directly through the middle necessarily. Mane there. But certainly off his line and Aaron Ramsey spotted that and couldn't quite execute. That would have been a spectacular opening goal for Arsenal. Well it was on but he also had the run-through of Walcott to consider there. He'd just run offside. He'll be angry. Look at Theo Walcott. Played by Roberto Moreno. Holding wins the header as he should do against Coutinho. Here's Firmino working to the left. And Kynes got forward from right back. Played by Henderson. Mane wants that just rolled in behind Nacho Monreal. They've been in that position a couple of times. And in goes Firmino. And they wanted to get it that offside but there was no flag. I saw him late. Bellerin. Just did enough in the end. He's got to get it to the back. It's only the second time in over four years that both Mournisaka and Koscielny have been missing at the back for Arsenal. Both of them. The other time was his fixture last season. And it was Callum Chambers and Gabriel. And Gabriel is out injured at the moment. Would have been the choice for Arsene Wenger had he been fit. I think the injury is the whole point of motivated players. I think there is a line ofaux. And a little nervous league. We need hands there. They're too up as well. That's management that makes as Well, that's management. What did you look like Jamie read appsaatam Koscielny? What did you make of Jamie Redknapp's point about Koscielny saying hang on a minute version as in the Euro 2016 final. I think there definitely is a point. I think that the sports science has a big impact now upon, obviously, what happens in team selection. I think that the necessity, obviously, of the club is that they've got to win games straight away. I think that if they do lose today, they would come under some pressure or some banger. Speaking to fans before the game, they certainly weren't coming into the ground inspired. I don't know whether you felt the same thing, Martin. Well, you tend to hear the negative side of that particular argument. I think the supporters are a bit quieter these days. But there are still plenty out there, I'm sure. Here's Adam Lallana. And Firmino! Deflected into Mane's path. He could be given away by Walcott. Liverpool's starting to put it together a bit better. He always felt, as soon as he started to play a few passes, they would cut through Arsenal. This is better. Feeding it into feet and around the box. Some good fortune. Was it the heel of Chambers that just took it away? Just there. It's an important touch. Without Murtisaka, he'll be vulnerable. He'll be set to pieces. These are always awkward to defend. Anderson. Moreno. First time for Mane. Klavan. And it's still standing firm. 25 minutes gone. 0-0. Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now, Lovren. acceso de spicy until Halloween. His back is in the back. What a back-and-finger. But birdie by Romano. borrow by Rum luck. It is goal from ek & Palinow. by Rum luck. But birdie by Rum luck. Nicole Platt EM Williams. How находится her eşs Perry Spunco Her Nou. Her nou ideal. Enjoy your match entered the superior La Liga. And he woah. nailed to drive it. What was that ramsay? Two shots fire already. ル lado da bastb Guerra Very tough money. What a goal by Per tendencies really theabout. he got plenty of game time for England how did you assess what he did Gary? I think he's a good player Adam Lallana I think that when seeing him with England he was almost he's good at connectivity through midfield he always seemed to link things well glue things together I think it was probably one criticism not criticism, the observation that he would know himself just to add that little final pass more goals then you really have got a top player but his work for the team, his intelligence, his understanding he's very good in his application I guess he's not scored for England yet 26 caps now that would be the one observation he needs to improve that return he's better than that as well he's got a surrendered midfielder let him go I think it would be more difficult to have him in front of the wheat I would do it for that see if, of course as well every week the flu to come Mr David Today in our stoves Jalen Jalen most of all Jalen very, very remember Jalen So, the under-21s. Here's Henderson, another Englishman in the game. Coppola. Nice to get a free kick. I know many of you are interested on the club and international front about Daniel Sturridge. Well, I'm told by Liverpool that he is fit, but just a little bit undercooked in terms of the height of training. Here's Iwobi, into Ramsey. Monreal. On either side. That was a late play by Roberto Moreno, Theo Wilcox, and it was inside the box, and it's a penalty to Arsenal. That lachness of the Liverpool left-back, exposed again, Gary Neville. I was watching Moreno, actually, as the ball was on the far side. He ball-watches, he hadn't looked across. And he's so rash. I mean, it's absolutely garbage tackle. It really is. Well, players, in terms of voicing their discontent, officials have to be careful. It may be that the booking is for him going across to the assistant referee as much as for the foul. Well, just as Liverpool are getting into the game, you know, you might as well start the goal down with Moreno at left-back. There's no concept of awareness of what's around him, of composure in his defending. It's Theo Wilcox. He spends his chances, Theo Wilcox, the last five, ten minutes, running inside Moreno, growing in confidence. Having earned the penalty. The chance to convert the penalty. 29 minutes gone. Mignolet, as he did famously on his Liverpool debut, saves the penalty on an opening day of the season. Big celebrations from Liverpool. Mignolet. The perfect penalty height. It's a poor one from Theo Wilcox. Keepers love it at that height. Just nice to be able to push away. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mangetada. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Liverpool's player of last season, we haven't seen too much of him in this game. Lallana's caught in possession. And the space for Walcott to make a man straight away, and he has done. Well, you don't see that very often. The player who's failed from the penalty spot getting a chance straight away in the next attack from open play. And making out from the latch from 12 yards with a tiny finish this time into the bottom floor. That was a wonderful finish, not quite sure where the left-back is. Watching Moreno here. Where is he? The ball attacks down that side. He's out of position. Theo Walcott cannot believe his luck, just a massive moment of disappointment. Adam Larsen, fantastic challenge by Coquelin. The Wolves' pass is good, it's the run from Ramsey that clears the space. Nowhere to be seen is Moreno. It's a wonderful finish, if you think of Theo Walcott in that position, it is his strength, he does hit it well across the goalkeeper. 68 seconds from the penalty failure to the scoring shot. It was always going to come down this side if it was for Arsenal. It must feel a little bit like an assassination of Moreno, but if you're Liverpool fans watching at home, I think you know what I'm talking about. You've seen enough of it over the last 18 months. It's been a long time since he's played for Liverpool. And he needs it. Nice ox. They'll just keep hitting it down this side. Walcott... He covers in confidence so quickly. And that penalty miss. And Monreal... Ramsey, switch the play. It's on again, Theo Walcott. And Titino has come to left-back. Moreno's all over the place, he was watching. Behring. Ramsey. Elneny. I think Tim May-Sanchez. He wins the header too. And Elneny. A measure of Arsenal's confidence at the moment that both the holding midfield players were pushing up to try and get it. But it's a bit of a challenge. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. The first pass is open back to Liverpool. And here's Clyne. And here's Clyne. All you can say really, has it looked like a Jurgen Klopp team from Liverpool so far? He was confident before the game and his interview, but that's not transferred out into his players onto the pitch. They've got to be brave. Get on the half-turn in those tight spaces. Pop it around the corners, and they've got players like Lallana without them. Pop it around the corners, and they've got players like Lallana without them. Jamiro, Coutinho, you can't pass him back. And not playing it through those spaces, you'd be frustrated with the pool manager. Henderson. Milano. To Klein now, Mane. Reynaldo. He scored 11 Premier League goals for Newcastle last season. All at home, though. We're looking for some away-day trust here. Hasn't been very conspicuous in the first third of the game. They've got to give themselves a chance to play with confidence. I think we'll need to Barcelona. Firmino. Firmino. Here's Mane. Milano. Firmino. That's better. They're going to do some passes together. I'm not sure who he's screaming at or what he's screaming. They've got the players. To be able to combine like that. Doesn't get his finish right, Firmino. Well said. Hammond. D Ge Virga . What a tackle after the low par. Take it back, Hubert. Hiccup. Take it back. If you look at those attempts, suggests there may be an opportunity for them. He's been all over Jitter at the moment, Alberto Meriano. He's all over the place. of course has played at left back and Emre Can has played at right back for Germany that's on the bench that's one move they could think about but still 10 minutes to go to half time when they're all bit he cuts inside you can just see the run from Walcott on the far side just watch it ball watching Moreno not seeing the run not seeing the run that's just a soft little drifted pass over the top he's in trouble again got to try and get to half time without any further damage Liverpool started last season with a 1-0 win at Stoke came here and true looking quite good then for Brendan Rodgers by October he'd gone that way and he's got a good chance of winning the game you get your diaries out Monday night football used to that Chelsea against West Ham is first offering for you from seven Sky Sports one and Friday night Manchester United you've had a great day today another South Coast team in Southampton 630 and it's an issue foul from Cuckoo land it's been Neil a card for it I'm just going to read a bit of the I'm just going to read a bit of the really going for it really going for it Liverpool for the 50th time as manager Liverpool for the 50th time as manager of Arsenal some Premier League managers of Arsenal some Premier League managers don't get 50 games total don't get 50 games total information about booking for Francis Coquelin coaching San Diego sandals playing ный Atletico wanted but that is San Diego score literally Not well enough by Rob Holding. Let's go! Let's go! We'll be happy, those two young centre-backs. One more quarter-minute's in. Concern now as Coutinho runs out there. APPLAUSE Several at times with the final ball, Monreal on the... Timing of the run and the pass not quite in harmony. That was great movement from Sanchez. APPLAUSE Hush got transferring it well out of these positions, it's difficult for them. Having to kick it forwards like that, which is good for Arsenal, good for Chambers. Clyne. Lallana. CHEERING It's been a bit like that for Liverpool, despite the potential in the team, and they do advance with the ball at their feet. Arsenal's... I wouldn't say depleted, it's a bit unfair on the lads, but they make a mistake like that from Chambers. Firmino. Now Coutinho. Wijnaldum. Trying to steer it in, still short on a Premier League goal on his CV. And he holds his hand up, out of screen, out of shot, Callum Chambers for that pass. It's 3-v-2, he's practised these in training all the time, not sure it was the right pass from Firmino, I think he could have gone to Mane, the opposite side. Chance missed. Elneny. Ramsey did well under some pressure, not so well at that time, Alexis Sanchez. He's come back to London, proper America winner again. There he is, restless energy. Hayts not playing, Hayts being substituted. Never one to... allow the sports scientist to interfere with his career. Liverpool, more of the ball, it seems to be going 1-0 down, but not sure it's been in the right areas. Chance for Liverpool to counter-attack, there's five moving forward here for them. APPLAUSE Firmino in the back. In the centre. And Lallana has reached it. On the back here was Kroos, all that he could come up with, but it's cleared by Elneny. And there's room, backs of it for Ramsey. Now Sanchez. Arsenal counter-attacking here. Challenge of the agricultural variety by Dejan Lovren. Lovren had one go with him in the first round, he was just there, he stuck his left arm out, then caught it. He got caught up with him. And swept him with his right leg. Another arm always you can get booked this season, but that would be a booking in any season. Not pushing too many forward, but Sanchez might just be the one, had to be of rare precision from Aaron Ramsey. Natt Prestones . Glamour. Coutinho. striking hard, Cotla. for trouble Petr Cech has had a lot of history of course playing for Chelsea against Liverpool never forgive that phantom goal being awarded Champions League semi-final no less there's great joust between Mourinho and Benitez one thing I would say about that last shot is that his experience and his quality means he just steps across anticipates and captures it makes it look easy yeah he's given it looking nibble at the ball by Henderson he thought Mourinho has decided it's a foul it's a driving run too you could think about it Michael Oliver if he wasn't sure he didn't get anywhere near the ball did he no he's not much there's a player growing in confidence Iwobi I'm not sure there is too much contact it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul batting when he with batting when he missed יל I was irty stand a Callum Chambers has voted into the All-Star team in that two-long tournament that England won earlier in the summer. Good boost for his confidence. Monreal with a sort of climb that made him a candidate to be a centre-back today. Mane. High foot. Again in the right position, Huckalant screening those two centre-backs. That's a point you made right at the beginning, Gary, about helping Holding and Chambers settle in. When you've got an obvious weakness in your side or some vulnerability, it's important that the players react. You look at Elneny's position now and Huckalant, look how close they are right in front of those two young centre-backs. Meaning that the space isn't there for the Larner, for Mino to operate in. You have to say Arsenal have done well with that. One last time. But seperti Musewski, St modo. Pratino. Added time. Chills in nearly two minutes. Mane. It's like, deeper and more centrally. goal in these closing first half moments it's just in Coutinho's range a few yards further back i think he'd be thinking about a cross or a chip a little bit similar to what Alexis Sanchez had a couple of minutes ago at the other end slightly less central a little bit more favoring the right footer only three Arsenal players in the wall which told you that it's a chip don't feel too threatening here goes Coutinho it was certainly within his range and Liverpool equalizing stoppage time before half time Coutinho who won the points on the opening day for Liverpool last season has brought them back level here it's wonderful from Coutinho i just mentioned three in the wall which suggests that a goalkeeper thinks he's in control doesn't need the four but he's nowhere to check the execution the dip the pace on the ball is wonderful and it gets Liverpool at half-time level and the performance hasn't been anywhere near the best i said it might have been a soft free kick we didn't see the replay we're gonna see it now he's got his arms on him holding holding holding holding there and Coutinho striking