consecutive home game as a first fixture. 0-0 Sunderland lost 3-1 to Villa. They did beat Crystal Palace 2-1 and then lost 2-0 a year ago to West Ham. They were 1-0 up and failed on the penalty spot until the dying embers of the first half when Coutinho struck a splendid equaliser. Liverpool, in contrast to that, have won their last three first fixtures in the Premier League. Ramsey down. Sure, Aaron Ramsey fortified by his excellent contribution in Euro 2016 for the wonderful Wales team under Chris Coleman. He was suspended for the semi-final when that adventure came to an end. Wilfred CM Gilmour had 9.703. 种. group matching SAM CHAMBERS Paul Dumroical-Crofts he's able to give his team a G up from a position where they're not losing more confidence in the second half better passing more on the front foot which is what you expect from the Union clock teams it won't be warm afternoon in North London a shadow starting to lengthen climb with a threat Firmino when Alden get it through to Lallana situation to the one that got Moreno into trouble part of the pitch he's got more composure from Real he stayed on his feet he didn't commit himself Ramsey got another clattering as the ball rolled loose working back Alexis Sanchez takes over and takes it away from him and then he's fouled and he decided really to be able able to get a period of control possession going at the start of this second half it's a credit to both teams in some ways that in midfield it is very short a space particularly for Liverpool Liverpool starting with their away form certainly put to the test because of the redevelopments at Anfield to play a scheduled home game they're switching with Burnley next weekend to play at Turf Moor and then they're back in North London for their third Premier League game to White Hart Lane Firmino lovely catch from Coutinho Liverpool could be in here and it's very well finished by Adam Lallana very well finished indeed so they've turned it around either side of half time and it's absolutely brilliant goal for those Liverpool fans have just seen the team score and for the first time I can remember they get the ball into a number 10 there into Coutinho and then round the corner everything in the first half they didn't do and as soon as they do that they're in real business runners arriving from late and challenged in the first half of the line and can he score more goals his first touch is fantastic on his chest and he just controls the strike knowing that Fullwell the goalkeeper's charging out towards him he's a little bit of good fortune it's through his leg but an absolutely brilliant goal and Klopp absolutely delighted and the glasses are off and he had a good view of the goal that was a spectacle in itself really in control of the finish Adam Lallana across goes Klavan and he gets himself in the way of Walcott's attempted cross well they have a wretched record in this stadium Liverpool but suddenly they found their footing in the match they found their football it was Coutinho they found Coutinho they found Coutinho in that little space and then they had protected so well once they got it in there the little pass around the corner was fantastic been magnificent this plexus the equaliser goodness no now they go ahead goal will be feeling the Arsenal dugout the better team in the first half Liverpool should start playing play at all in the first half and I have to say very quiet around here the draw Arsenal in by playing some passes into Jordan Henderson they started the first half doing this sort of thing has to show now that he's got the qualities to manipulate that situation that might just surrender a little bit of an initiative that Liverpool have had to work so hard to claim it's obviously a policy holding here's Iwobi Pomeroy are going outside it infield it's Coquelin and Ramsey of course there was some work to do here and Ramsey unable to do it enough to pass from midfield Liverpool set up to counter-attack now here's Mane Pomeroy on the outside and they're using him as a decoy she used him could have used him with the ball I think you get Coutinho in the game if you're Liverpool and you're going to cause big problems he's been the game changer so far either side of half-time well they're so hot on the statistics of individual players he says I wonder how many players are going to be out there I wonder how many touches he had in the first say 20-25 minutes not many I would suspect and since then certainly not a lot in the good areas or the key areas of the pitch where he wants him to have touches and it's Coquelin Bayern trying to play early in behind Lovren for Alexis Sanchez but the defender was able to deal with it Wijnaldum Wijnaldum Coutinho again it's quicker it's slicker be braver still trying to respond in kind and Ramsey and Alexis Sanchez feeling that the half-American was knocked onto the seat of his pants there off the ball Michael Oliver didn't see it that way he laid it off and Lovren just blocked him Lovren again looking for Mane over the top of Monreal not quite backing up is Klein and Firmino Liverpool fighting each other to get on the ball they're so confident now Wijnaldum quite in harmony with Alberto Moreno Henderson Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana such a different complexion to this game look at this look at this Arsenal are struggling to live with them at the moment Arsenal are struggling to live with them at the moment Henderson Henderson since that second goal has been everything that we wanted from Liverpool in the first half they're now doing taking the ball on the half-turn and not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half they're not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half now they're popping it round the corner they're not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half you've got so many of those types of players fire fire fire Lovren fire fire love love love love Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Now they're getting between the lines to get on the ball, here's Clyde, who loves to drive forward from right back, and fires in, it creeps off, goodness me. And it is Coutinho. A driven cross, a volley finish. Superb from Liverpool, but for Arsenal a sinking feeling. And a shake of the head from Steve Bould, and it's gone from 1-0 up to 3-1 down in such a quick period of play. This game's changed, it's turned on its head. It's an absolutely wonderful goal, it really is. I don't know how many passes, felt like about 50 or 60, before it actually got to this moment, but everything was perfect. It's a wonderful driven cross by Nathaniel Clyne, getting across the near post, Coutinho has got such a lot to do, to guide that into the far corner. And him alone, the free kick, the pass for the second goal, and that finish has taken this game by the absolute scruff of the neck. And Arsenal's confidence all of a sudden has gone on the pitch and off the pitch around us. Here they come again. Iwobi, struggling to control it. He's going to contain Mane. Philippe Coutinho, who was Liverpool's player of last season, is undoubtedly the player of this game, or certainly the middle third of it. Even in that first 20 minutes, 25 minutes when Arsenal was dominating, you just still felt there was a vulnerability about them. And we're now seeing that vulnerability as soon as Liverpool gain their confidence and start to be brave. Good movement by Roberto Firmino. Liverpool looking to choke. To right this left-handed arsehole out of them. And they can do this, back for Cech. Oh, there you go. Follow-up. First of all, Coutinho could have had a hat-trick, and secondly, Lallana could have had a double. He's booed down this ground here. Lots of them, I have to say. They're all at sea, Arsenal. That would mean game over. It's a good saving tackle from Bellerin. Just a little too close to Fancy Coutinho to put it in the corner. He sets himself that standard, and that's Lallana trying to dink it over him. Bellerin got in. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. The injured player is Alex Iwobi. There was an earlier booking for right now. Claude-Anne. And that's about the only thing that's gone wrong for Liverpool so far. Certainly, once they got their game going, there needs to be changes. Yeah. Yeah. Both in terms of maybe the fitness of Iwobi. And, yeah, Ronald Koscielny might be wondering whether he could have volunteered, but listen, that's old school. We're living in the modern world, and we have to respect those who know the levels of fitness that are required to play a game like this. Alex Iwobi now. Another Alex on to play Chamberlain, on the eve of his 23rd birthday. Alex Iwobi. Alex Iwobi. Alex Iwobi. Good for Koscielny. I don't know anything about those two goals, they were absolutely brilliant team goals from Liverpool. Precision. Clinical passing movements. Well, the very least that Arsenal need to do is get the next goal. They need to change the game, the flow of the game, because at this moment in time, the spaces that weren't there in the first half, they're all over the place. Liverpool look like they can score with every attack. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Run away from Henderson. Shows how the balance of power has switched. six on target three goals in the game almost in the back but not quite yet i'm not going to be held by ramsay needing some attention here he's holding his left hamstring he has had hamstring problems he's holding it fast the back of that left leg i think there's not even an attempt to try and offer treatment it's a quick word looks like the change is going to be made well we haven't seen much of santa gazzola he was injured in november and he came back on the last day of last season well we are three up top today and the third member of our squad is jamie carragher jamie what have you got for us well in terms of the second goal we mentioned early on about how narrow liverpool's from three way and you can see the position of marnie and cattini all day engaging with the center backs and if we run it off the center back steps out of position continue around the corner fantastic pass and why now and the line of contact deep position that comes from liverpool's narrowness of the front three and causing center backs problems you're concerned about uh liverpool in any way now have they have they got the job done jamie no you'd never say that no with here with the left back that we've got but i think that was a big disappointment that liverpool never made a four one would have really put it to bed but they're almost there but i think here you can never run to arsenal off i think arsenal just need a period in the game of stability of nothing because at the moment liverpool are still confident most fans in that corner where that corner's going to be taken by jordan henderson we need to settle them down the arsenal fans first the arsenal team first so we can get the arsenal fans back in the game because they've switched off liverpool fans delighted with what they're seeing and just look out there at that arsenal team there isn't a great deal of success for them i suppose sanchez you'd say he's got a big personality and character but the big leaders who you think would potentially get a grip of this for them not really there here's money to run the chambers he's doing just that sadio money wanting a goal for himself what a glorious goal he's got that is game over liverpool ripping arsenal to shreds here as players came in you've got well received supernatural screenings for you the center psychology man it said it's fantastic what a revolution just to be able to come down here and play back here you know what playing for tvåx is with人 time in the lacrosse team there's almost disbelief in both dugouts restart story for arsenal but you have seen four absolutely fantastic liverpool goals and this is individual brilliance the pace initially then the skill and can. can he finish, it's an absolutely incredible finish everything you see there for a moment of the strength, the painh, his exhaust, his lefthouse performance and caremark the sea aren't all out there the skill and then the technique to control with his left foot and put that ball into the top corner. It sums up this last 15, 20 minutes from Liverpool. Absolutely brilliant. And he goes and celebrates with his manager. We saw glimpses of it from Liverpool last season, when they won the sixth one at Southampton in the League Cup. Here's Oxlade-Chamberlain. Gets one back, via a deflection. Arsenal 2, Liverpool 4. Maybe not game over. Well... Arsenal fans needed that. I was just about to say, it could become a very difficult and awkward last 25 minutes. We've just seen some brilliance at the other end, and Oxlade-Chamberlain, there's that gap that you don't like between full-back and wide player when you're defending. And he skips between it, it's Clyne and Lallana, just jumps through that gap, and then powers into the box through Jordan Henderson. And he's unsighted, Mignolet. Deflection, I think, off Wijnaldum, goes in at the near post. There may still be some serious work ahead for Liverpool, because Arsenal are in that... ..dangerous situation if you're Liverpool, and Arsenal really have got to go for it, and that could produce anything. APPLAUSE And the home fans from heads down are now voices up. Santacazola across from the corset, set players, much missed for most of last season. Interesting effect they can score from this. Back with Espanyol again. Liverpool have lost a little bit of their defensive discipline. In by Elneny. FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR And it's time for the one major summer signing, with the greatest respect to Rob Holding. GERMANY FANS ROAR And it's Xhaka. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR It feels like a cup match, all of a sudden. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR And they need a bit of dinner with Liverpool by Mignolet. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR They looked dead Arsenal when that goal went in, you sort of saw those Arsenal players walking back towards the centre-circle, and now... ...looking a little invigorated. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR Xhaka still waiting for his Premier League debut. What could well happen here? The place is... There's a young player of great pedigree. Through a wonderful youth system that they have in Switzerland. I've seen him play against England. He's a player with good control, technically, and off matches. Good game management. We need a bit more than that at the moment, but... Oxlade-Chamberlain has just breathed some life back into the contest. Firmino. Trouble. Coutinho, oh, he thought the goalkeeper was coming. Or is he? He pulled his hamstring. I think it's more that. Or is he pretending to pull his hamstring? I think he's a little embarrassed. Framp hamstring for the goalkeeper. He stopped. Strange, because he was through on goal and he was a one-on-one. And he's on a hatchery. Something weird. No, he stopped. I think he... There's a little pretend going on. He certainly stuttered. It wasn't a cramp-type movement or a pulled hamstring. He'd hold straight away if you had an injury. Henry Chan. Who was maybe in most people's teams to play today, but... Jurgen Klopp. Feeling that. He too. He's been in the semi-final of the Euro 2016 for Germany. Has it made Jurgen Klopp alter his decision as to who he's bringing off? He's a big influence on this game, there's no doubt about that. One of the biggest. First one, the wall from Arsenal. Doesn't jump. Not sure that even if it had, it would go anywhere near. That's a brilliant free kick. The second one, equally brilliant in a different way. To deflect that with his left shin. Running across the near post. It's almost a second home for Brazil here. They've played a lot of internationals. Roberto Firmino's been a scorer in a game on this ground for his country. He's been a scorer in the club since David. Coutinho. And after he plays well, he tries to keep Henry Chan. Some respite for Arsenal in the sense that Coutinho was... He's got a lot of time. He's got a lot of time. We can sense that Coutinho will take no further part in the game. Lallana moves one forward. And I think Chan's going into Jordan Henderson's position. Jordan Henderson stepped in alongside Wijnaldum. And Lallana's wide on the left. The chase goes on for Arsenal. Mane. Oh... Oh... who has a bit of a history of disciplinary problems. He was sent off three times last season in the Bundesliga. Lovren. Passing the seatbelts for the last 20 minutes here. Henderson. He's stayed down. Made by Chambers. Headed on by Walcott. Sanchez had to run past Clavan, who's got strength and a fair bit of speed as well. He did well there, Clavan. It was a question of whether he did have the speed, and he has. He's bodying. Of course, Sanchez. Sanchez. Remember. 4-4 between Arsenal and Liverpool. That was at Anfield. Andrea Chavin got four. They were 4-2 up here against Tottenham. And early Harry Redknapp game, that finished 4-1. And St. Angus side lost the lead there. Trying to at least get back some parity. And there's still time. It was a very taut and tense on the first Saturday of the Premier League season. It's been... a little bit different on the first Sunday. Yeah. I don't think you can say Arsenal played really badly in the second half. They just haven't had enough to cope when Liverpool started playing properly. And if you've heard, and you haven't been at the game, that Arsenal conceded four goals, you think, oh, well, that's problems in the centre of the defence. But it hasn't been like that. You could point towards a real shocking performance in the second half, just that Liverpool have played how they should have done in the first. Into the level and the standards, and Arsenal just haven't been able to do that. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They haven't been able to cope. Factor in... late goal in the first half. Four goals in some 20 minutes, really, Liverpool have scored. The second half time, it was a killer blow. Just thinking about how you go into a change in your half time as a player, when you've done quite well, you won the look. That goal goes in again, shoot. Surely you say, let's go again. You know, get the lead back and go on and win it. You certainly can say that, but then quite often, as you know, it just feels a little bit... it just feels a little bit... deflating and hollow and You know the sort of shouts that will be going out is keep it going as we played well for the staff But the reality is that the mind is saying something different How we come in level? Coquelin Sante Cazorla Oh Who's to his all that no one near him The fancy Just to finish that point you're making very of course you in the Liverpool dressing room Yeah, he has done very well and suddenly it's 1-1 you think you're coming in at 1-0 down sort of the sort of things that would be being said there is we can't Play any worse and if we do start playing well and imagine what's gonna happen and we've come out in the second half with real confidence These purple patches in the end games before on the Jurgen Klopp sustaining it that's going to be here the challenge this season Absolutely blue Manchester City away Similar goal rush And Lots of players who've got real good composure in the final third to me known Katina in particular Lana Who do tend to play the right pass? It's the most difficult thing to do Holding We're not quite the Premier League game. He was expecting on his debut Because all that Completed experience for the two young centre-backs you not a good one, but Certainly for holding it's a different level of Movement of speed that he was faced this last 25 30 minutes. He'll wonder what's it to me after watch the game In public since the games moved in around the Arsenal players I'm going to be a foul out of the fan your client Goodbye Chambers Went in with the pack great delivery after three little full for first half Why three kick the muse? Looking relaxed, but I'm not sure he will be And club and headed it in the first half this time Callum Chambers Just gets a crucial little touch clubbing just behind it. I think he just gets it tripped up. Not sure But certainly a nightmare one for me delay difficult for the goalkeeper cat come for that one them too much pace on the ball and just that little touch that adds that little bit of extra pace It's past mini lady before he can react Another change And he got the rigi zone to play through the middle and help the captain attacking pace Adam Alana is off. Where do we go from here seriously back in this game Arsenal? Four to you weren't sure For three There's no doubt Liverpool where was it at Norwich were involved in a 5-4 away win that was only last season Shows that Jurgen Klopp certainly having an influence in the attacking side of the team but maybe defensively the There goes Here goes Alexis Sanchez backed up by Sanchez I can head away boots away See the cool just look losing a bit of composure I I I I eyes but the same I I shaky Is Jesse sorting out before the end of August I just say one thing Gary welcome back the Premier League thanks Jamie he goes versatile performer Romano is out on the left hand side now Origi's on Liverpool might feel that they've got to score again Origi to chase booted forward by Chambers what Jamie Carragher has told about Liverpool's defensive frailties they conceded 50 goals last season the most they've ever conceded in the Premier League and they have got problems defensively because this is the first time they've conceded 50 goals last season the most they've ever conceded in the Premier League and they have got problems defensively because this game should be out of reach at 4-1 we've had a missed penalty as well penalty failure since then seven goals what's the appetite even more for London Derby and Monday night football another managerial debut Antonio Conte and finally Jose Mourinho's first home Premier League game in charge of Manchester United Claude Puel another of the new bosses the latest to sit in the hot seat at Southampton climbing coming from Southampton it's the climb and Oxlade-Chamberlain coming in at hammer and tongs what the Saints fans make of a game like this with so many of their ex-players involved yeah Ken and he's getting up stepping up oh there's a the late challenge days and kind of chucky who's of a hit. Liverpool were 4-1 up. Remember that Nigel Salah part, they were 3-0 up. Dwight Gale, little storm into Liverpool's faces. Mane is Firmino. Not always taking the ball with him, but he's still in control here. Wedged up for Mane. And then Budin going forward, second half in the pool, but it does undermine your performance when you do concede goals. Only 1-1 of their last 16 away games against Arsenal. There's Jones for their lead to be threatened again. And Bayern... Xhaka. Moreno had a difficult first half, he's actually done OK in the second half. Not too much to worry about. Coquelin. Sanchez coming in. And a little bit of... Without understandable hesitation. And Lovren got there first as he had to do in the end. It was a really good first time delivery from Bellerin. Just guides it back across goal. Sanchez can't just quite get in front of Lovren. He does well. Arsenal still on the comeback trail here. Mignolet. Hooked it down. To the corner, take... Sante. I think that's all that... Took by... Mane. Mane out. That's all the long footed. There's a chance for Clyde to play down the outside there. Sante. And I think... It was the third and fourth goals that were booed. A lot of boos around this ground for Arsene Wenger and his team. And now... The fans are right behind them. Well he owes a great debt of gratitude to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain who scored so quickly to turn the 4-1 into 4-2. Yeah, I think there'd have been some space between that fourth and the fourth goal. It would have been a bit uncomfortable and awkward. On it! I feel like before the game speaking to Arsenal fans like they were on the edge. And they needed to win today. Which seems crazy. I remember the last game between these two finished 3-3 all in Anfield. No! Klarna. Seven minutes past stoppage time. Liverpool's lead. Which seemed... Secure. It's still... Precarious in these closing minutes. Henderson. Chan. Firmino. Clyne. Too much on that. Mane. He's got to go sideways for Xhaka. Oxlade-Chamberlain is thinking about the next pass rather than the touch when the ball arrived. Mane. Liverpool. A bit caught in two minds as to whether to keep going at Arsenal. Should see it out. The attack might be the best form of defence. But it's not. The attack might be the best form of defence then, and that's what Wijnaldum thinks. Firmino! Well, it hit the net on the outside and it was deflected. Looked like it was going to be another Liverpool special. You're definitely right. There's a couple of instances in the last minute or so where Liverpool have almost stopped whilst attacking. And there, Wijnaldum does inject some pace into the attack. It's certainly the best way to go. Not quite sure they're clever enough to be able to see it out by running the clock down with probably about seven or eight minutes to go. Not quite sure they're clever enough to be able to see it out by running the clock down with probably about seven or eight minutes to go. Taken by Henderson but not deep enough to get past the front man. Retrieved by Liverpool. Retrieved by Liverpool. Roberto Moreno, the offside flag does help out Nacho Monreal, it looked as though it was two against one when the ball was travelling in the forward direction. Firmino's out of position, he's thinking of tapping down that side. He's getting across for him. It's going to be seen as not just clumsy, but deliberate by Xhaka, it was a clumsy touch. He knew exactly what he was doing after that, he'd committed a number of fouls already. It's part of his game that I think the Premier League rivals are going to maybe prey on and play on. You mentioned his record, his disciplinary record, his performance. Paul... That's what being a fan is all about. No game without some pain. Klava, into Wijnaldum. Firmino... They've had to put in a lot of effort to... Try and get back in the game. Liverpool... Looking to finally kill them off. But they're going to do it with this attack. And after led into stoppage time at half time, having wasted the penalty as well. Coutinho's brilliant free kick. And from level... At the end of the game, he's got a good shot. And there's a purple patch for Liverpool, led by Coutinho. I don't know whether the Arsenal fans know too much about Kevin Stewart. But he is a former Tottenham player, but not one of, he would tell you, of great renown at White Hart Lane. Certainly made good strides since Liverpool took him on. Arsenal need the ball at the other end of the pitch, and Liverpool are only in the last two or three minutes. They've been able to stop that. Now we're in the plot down for a bit. Making substitutions. And the first down is number 35, Kevin Stewart. Yeah, one or two do know his Tottenham background here. I think they got him... The first team picture at White Hart Lane. Origi. Pirouetting. And they're lying down the clock and getting a corner. Two minutes before stoppage time to go. The last thing that Arsenal needed was to stick a foot in and kick it out for a corner. I almost think they took a risk sometimes in those positions and just... ...put the attacker, pass it back, move up. And the minute gone here. Keep it in the corner. Yeah. But the lob. Liverpool supporters, as you can hear and see, on that far corner. Still anxious, though. Lovren. it's good for the Regi really good lines gone ahead of him shows he wants to sell it first it was really really held the ball everything that would walk the center forward to do and show too much of it the chambers we started with arguably the story of the weekend I put hull beating the champions with no sort of preparation for the home team at all all sorts of difficulties getting a lineup out well done Mickey Phelan and his coaching staff and his players still got one more game to go in these round of inaugural fixtures we certainly had the game of the weekend here at the Emirates for this point here's Monreal 90th minute cleared by Stewart still time for Arsenal chambers bit of a stumble by Mane the sun was in his eyes