consecutive home game as a first fixture. 0-0 Sunderland lost 3-1 to Villa. They did beat Crystal Palace 2-1 and then lost 2-0 a year ago to West Ham. They were 1-0 up and failed on the penalty spot until the dying embers of the first half when Coutinho struck a splendid equaliser. Liverpool, in contrast to that, have won their last three first fixtures in the Premier League. Ramsey down. Sure, Aaron Ramsey fortified by his excellent contribution in Euro 2016 for the wonderful Wales team under Chris Coleman. He was suspended for the semi-final when that adventure came to an end. Wilfred CM Gilmour had 9.703. 种. group matching SAM CHAMBERS Paul Dumroical-Crofts he's able to give his team a G up from a position where they're not losing more confidence in the second half better passing more on the front foot which is what you expect from the Union clock teams it won't be warm afternoon in North London a shadow starting to lengthen climb with a threat Firmino when Alden get it through to Lallana situation to the one that got Moreno into trouble part of the pitch he's got more composure from Real he stayed on his feet he didn't commit himself Ramsey got another clattering as the ball rolled loose working back Alexis Sanchez takes over and takes it away from him and then he's fouled and he decided really to be able able to get a period of control possession going at the start of this second half it's a credit to both teams in some ways that in midfield it is very short a space particularly for Liverpool Liverpool starting with their away form certainly put to the test because of the redevelopments at Anfield to play a scheduled home game they're switching with Burnley next weekend to play at Turf Moor and then they're back in North London for their third Premier League game to White Hart Lane Firmino lovely catch from Coutinho Liverpool could be in here and it's very well finished by Adam Lallana very well finished indeed so they've turned it around either side of half time and it's absolutely brilliant goal for those Liverpool fans have just seen the team score and for the first time I can remember they get the ball into a number 10 there into Coutinho and then round the corner everything in the first half they didn't do and as soon as they do that they're in real business runners arriving from late and challenged in the first half of the line and can he score more goals his first touch is fantastic on his chest and he just controls the strike knowing that Fullwell the goalkeeper's charging out towards him he's a little bit of good fortune it's through his leg but an absolutely brilliant goal and Klopp absolutely delighted and the glasses are off and he had a good view of the goal that was a spectacle in itself really in control of the finish Adam Lallana across goes Klavan and he gets himself in the way of Walcott's attempted cross well they have a wretched record in this stadium Liverpool but suddenly they found their footing in the match they found their football it was Coutinho they found Coutinho they found Coutinho in that little space and then they had protected so well once they got it in there the little pass around the corner was fantastic been magnificent this plexus the equaliser goodness no now they go ahead goal will be feeling the Arsenal dugout the better team in the first half Liverpool should start playing play at all in the first half and I have to say very quiet around here the draw Arsenal in by playing some passes into Jordan Henderson they started the first half doing this sort of thing has to show now that he's got the qualities to manipulate that situation that might just surrender a little bit of an initiative that Liverpool have had to work so hard to claim it's obviously a policy holding here's Iwobi Pomeroy are going outside it infield it's Coquelin and Ramsey of course there was some work to do here and Ramsey unable to do it enough to pass from midfield Liverpool set up to counter-attack now here's Mane Pomeroy on the outside and they're using him as a decoy she used him could have used him with the ball I think you get Coutinho in the game if you're Liverpool and you're going to cause big problems he's been the game changer so far either side of half-time well they're so hot on the statistics of individual players he says I wonder how many players are going to be out there I wonder how many touches he had in the first say 20-25 minutes not many I would suspect and since then certainly not a lot in the good areas or the key areas of the pitch where he wants him to have touches and it's Coquelin Bayern trying to play early in behind Lovren for Alexis Sanchez but the defender was able to deal with it Wijnaldum Wijnaldum Coutinho again it's quicker it's slicker be braver still trying to respond in kind and Ramsey and Alexis Sanchez feeling that the half-American was knocked onto the seat of his pants there off the ball Michael Oliver didn't see it that way he laid it off and Lovren just blocked him Lovren again looking for Mane over the top of Monreal not quite backing up is Klein and Firmino Liverpool fighting each other to get on the ball they're so confident now Wijnaldum quite in harmony with Alberto Moreno Henderson Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana such a different complexion to this game look at this look at this Arsenal are struggling to live with them at the moment Arsenal are struggling to live with them at the moment Henderson Henderson since that second goal has been everything that we wanted from Liverpool in the first half they're now doing taking the ball on the half-turn and not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half they're not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half now they're popping it round the corner they're not taking the easy pass the safe pass passing it back a lot in the first half you've got so many of those types of players fire fire fire Lovren fire fire love love love love Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Now they're getting between the lines to get on the ball, here's Clyde, who loves to drive forward from right back, and fires in, it creeps off, goodness me. And it is Coutinho. A driven cross, a volley finish. Superb from Liverpool, but for Arsenal a sinking feeling. And a shake of the head from Steve Bould, and it's gone from 1-0 up to 3-1 down in such a quick period of play. This game's changed, it's turned on its head. It's an absolutely wonderful goal, it really is. I don't know how many passes, felt like about 50 or 60, before it actually got to this moment, but everything was perfect. It's a wonderful driven cross by Nathaniel Clyne, getting across the near post, Coutinho has got such a lot to do, to guide that into the far corner. And him alone, the free kick, the pass for the second goal, and that finish has taken this game by the absolute scruff of the neck. And Arsenal's confidence all of a sudden has gone on the pitch and off the pitch around us. Here they come again. Iwobi, struggling to control it. He's going to contain Mane. Philippe Coutinho, who was Liverpool's player of last season, is undoubtedly the player of this game, or certainly the middle third of it. Even in that first 20 minutes, 25 minutes when Arsenal was dominating, you just still felt there was a vulnerability about them. And we're now seeing that vulnerability as soon as Liverpool gain their confidence and start to be brave. Good movement by Roberto Firmino. Liverpool looking to choke. To right this left-handed arsehole out of them. And they can do this, back for Cech. Oh, there you go. Follow-up. First of all, Coutinho could have had a hat-trick, and secondly, Lallana could have had a double. He's booed down this ground here. Lots of them, I have to say. They're all at sea, Arsenal. That would mean game over. It's a good saving tackle from Bellerin. Just a little too close to Fancy Coutinho to put it in the corner. He sets himself that standard, and that's Lallana trying to dink it over him. Bellerin got in. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. The injured player is Alex Iwobi. There was an earlier booking for right now. Claude-Anne. And that's about the only thing that's gone wrong for Liverpool so far. Certainly, once they got their game going, there needs to be changes. Yeah. Yeah. Both in terms of maybe the fitness of Iwobi. And, yeah, Ronald Koscielny might be wondering whether he could have volunteered, but listen, that's old school. We're living in the modern world, and we have to respect those who know the levels of fitness that are required to play a game like this. Alex Iwobi now. Another Alex on to play Chamberlain, on the eve of his 23rd birthday. Alex Iwobi. Alex Iwobi. Alex Iwobi. Good for Koscielny. I don't know anything about those two goals, they were absolutely brilliant team goals from Liverpool. Precision. Clinical passing movements. Well, the very least that Arsenal need to do is get the next goal. They need to change the game, the flow of the game, because at this moment in time, the spaces that weren't there in the first half, they're all over the place. Liverpool look like they can score with every attack. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Firmino. Run away from Henderson. Shows how the balance of power has switched. six on target three goals in the game almost in the back but not quite yet i'm not going to be held by ramsay needing some attention here he's holding his left hamstring he has had hamstring problems he's holding it fast the back of that left leg i think there's not even an attempt to try and offer treatment it's a quick word looks like the change is going to be made well we haven't seen much of santa gazzola he was injured in november and he came back on the last day of last season well we are three up top today and the third member of our squad is jamie carragher jamie what have you got for us well in terms of the second goal we mentioned early on about how narrow liverpool's from three way and you can see the position of marnie and cattini all day engaging with the center backs and if we run it off the center back steps out of position continue around the corner fantastic pass and why now and the line of contact deep position that comes from liverpool's narrowness of the front three and causing center backs problems you're concerned about uh liverpool in any way now have they have they got the job done jamie no you'd never say that no with here with the left back that we've got but i think that was a big disappointment that liverpool never made a four one would have really put it to bed but they're almost there but i think here you can never run to arsenal off i think arsenal just need a period in the game of stability of nothing because at the moment liverpool are still confident most fans in that corner where that corner's going to be taken by jordan henderson we need to settle them down the arsenal fans first the arsenal team first so we can get the arsenal fans back in the game because they've switched off liverpool fans delighted with what they're seeing and just look out there at that arsenal team there isn't a great deal of success for them i suppose sanchez you'd say he's got a big personality and character but the big leaders who you think would potentially get a grip of this for them not really there here's money to run the chambers he's doing just that sadio money wanting a goal for himself what a glorious goal he's got that is game over liverpool ripping arsenal to shreds here as players came in you've got well received supernatural screenings for you the center psychology man it said it's fantastic what a revolution just to be able to come down here and play back here you know what playing for tvåx is with人 time in the lacrosse team there's almost disbelief in both dugouts restart story for arsenal but you have seen four absolutely fantastic liverpool goals and this is individual brilliance the pace initially then the skill and can. can he finish, it's an absolutely incredible finish everything you see there for a moment of the strength, the painh, his exhaust, his lefthouse performance and caremark the sea aren't all out there the skill and then the technique to control with his left foot and put that ball into the top corner. It sums up this last 15, 20 minutes from Liverpool. Absolutely brilliant. And he goes and celebrates with his manager. We saw glimpses of it from Liverpool last season, when they won the sixth one at Southampton in the League Cup. Here's Oxlade-Chamberlain. Gets one back, via a deflection. Arsenal 2, Liverpool 4. Maybe not game over. Well... Arsenal fans needed that. I was just about to say, it could become a very difficult and awkward last 25 minutes. We've just seen some brilliance at the other end, and Oxlade-Chamberlain, there's that gap that you don't like between full-back and wide player when you're defending. And he skips between it, it's Clyne and Lallana, just jumps through that gap, and then powers into the box through Jordan Henderson. And he's unsighted, Mignolet. Deflection, I think, off Wijnaldum, goes in at the near post. There may still be some serious work ahead for Liverpool, because Arsenal are in that... ..dangerous situation if you're Liverpool, and Arsenal really have got to go for it, and that could produce anything. APPLAUSE And the home fans from heads down are now voices up. Santacazola across from the corset, set players, much missed for most of last season. Interesting effect they can score from this. Back with Espanyol again. Liverpool have lost a little bit of their defensive discipline. In by Elneny. FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR And it's time for the one major summer signing, with the greatest respect to Rob Holding. GERMANY FANS ROAR And it's Xhaka. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR It feels like a cup match, all of a sudden. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR And they need a bit of dinner with Liverpool by Mignolet. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR They looked dead Arsenal when that goal went in, you sort of saw those Arsenal players walking back towards the centre-circle, and now... ...looking a little invigorated. GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR GERMANY FANS ROAR Xhaka still waiting for his Premier League debut. What could well happen here? The place is... There's a young player of great pedigree. Through a wonderful youth system that they have in Switzerland. I've seen him play against England. He's a player with good control, technically, and off matches. Good game management. We need a bit more than that at the moment, but... Oxlade-Chamberlain has just breathed some life back into the contest. Firmino. Trouble. Coutinho, oh, he thought the goalkeeper was coming. Or is he? He pulled his hamstring. I think it's more that. Or is he pretending to pull his hamstring? I think he's a little embarrassed. Framp hamstring for the goalkeeper. He stopped. Strange, because he was through on goal and he was a one-on-one. And he's on a hatchery. Something weird. No, he stopped. I think he... There's a little pretend going on. He certainly stuttered. It wasn't a cramp-type movement or a pulled hamstring. He'd hold straight away if you had an injury. Henry Chan. Who was maybe in most people's teams to play today, but... Jurgen Klopp. Feeling that. He too. He's been in the semi-final of the Euro 2016 for Germany. Has it made Jurgen Klopp alter his decision as to who he's bringing off? He's a big influence on this game, there's no doubt about that. One of the biggest. First one, the wall from Arsenal. Doesn't jump. Not sure that even if it had, it would go anywhere near. That's a brilliant free kick. The second one, equally brilliant in a different way. To deflect that with his left shin. Running across the near post. It's almost a second home for Brazil here. They've played a lot of internationals. Roberto Firmino's been a scorer in a game on this ground for his country. He's been a scorer in the club since David. Coutinho. And after he plays well, he tries to keep Henry Chan. Some respite for Arsenal in the sense that Coutinho was... He's got a lot of time. He's got a lot of time. We can sense that Coutinho will take no further part in the game. Lallana moves one forward. And I think Chan's going into Jordan Henderson's position. Jordan Henderson stepped in alongside Wijnaldum. And Lallana's wide on the left. The chase goes on for Arsenal. Mane. Oh... Oh... who has a bit of a history of disciplinary problems. He was sent off three times last season in the Bundesliga. Lovren. Passing the seatbelts for the last 20 minutes here. Henderson. He's stayed down. Made by Chambers. Headed on by Walcott. Sanchez had to run past Clavan, who's got strength and a fair bit of speed as well. He did well there, Clavan. It was a question of whether he did have the speed, and he has. He's bodying. Of course, Sanchez. Sanchez. Remember. 4-4 between Arsenal and Liverpool. That was at Anfield. Andrea Chavin got four. They were 4-2 up here against Tottenham. And early Harry Redknapp game, that finished 4-1. And St. Angus side lost the lead there. Trying to at least get back some parity. And there's still time. It was a very taut and tense on the first Saturday of the Premier League season. It's been... a little bit different on the first Sunday. Yeah. I don't think you can say Arsenal played really badly in the second half. They just haven't had enough to cope when Liverpool started playing properly. And if you've heard, and you haven't been at the game, that Arsenal conceded four goals, you think, oh, well, that's problems in the centre of the defence. But it hasn't been like that. You could point towards a real shocking performance in the second half, just that Liverpool have played how they should have done in the first. Into the level and the standards, and Arsenal just haven't been able to do that. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They've just been a little bit different. They haven't been able to cope. Factor in... late goal in the first half. Four goals in some 20 minutes, really, Liverpool have scored. The second half time, it was a killer blow. Just thinking about how you go into a change in your half time as a player, when you've done quite well, you won the look. That goal goes in again, shoot. Surely you say, let's go again. You know, get the lead back and go on and win it. You certainly can say that, but then quite often, as you know, it just feels a little bit... it just feels a little bit... deflating and hollow and You know the sort of shouts that will be going out is keep it going as we played well for the staff But the reality is that the mind is saying something different How we come in level? Coquelin Sante Cazorla Oh Who's to his all that no one near him The fancy Just to finish that point you're making very of course you in the Liverpool dressing room Yeah, he has done very well and suddenly it's 1-1 you think you're coming in at 1-0 down sort of the sort of things that would be being said there is we can't Play any worse and if we do start playing well and imagine what's gonna happen and we've come out in the second half with real confidence These purple patches in the end games before on the Jurgen Klopp sustaining it that's going to be here the challenge this season Absolutely blue Manchester City away Similar goal rush And Lots of players who've got real good composure in the final third to me known Katina in particular Lana Who do tend to play the right pass? It's the most difficult thing to do Holding We're not quite the Premier League game. He was expecting on his debut Because all that Completed experience for the two young centre-backs you not a good one, but Certainly for holding it's a different level of Movement of speed that he was faced this last 25 30 minutes. He'll wonder what's it to me after watch the game In public since the games moved in around the Arsenal players I'm going to be a foul out of the fan your client Goodbye Chambers Went in with the pack great delivery after three little full for first half Why three kick the muse? Looking relaxed, but I'm not sure he will be And club and headed it in the first half this time Callum Chambers Just gets a crucial little touch clubbing just behind it. I think he just gets it tripped up. Not sure But certainly a nightmare one for me delay difficult for the goalkeeper cat come for that one them too much pace on the ball and just that little touch that adds that little bit of extra pace It's past mini lady before he can react Another change And he got the rigi zone to play through the middle and help the captain attacking pace Adam Alana is off. Where do we go from here seriously back in this game Arsenal? Four to you weren't sure For three There's no doubt Liverpool where was it at Norwich were involved in a 5-4 away win that was only last season Shows that Jurgen Klopp certainly having an influence in the attacking side of the team but maybe defensively the There goes Here goes Alexis Sanchez backed up by Sanchez I can head away boots away See the cool just look losing a bit of composure I I I I eyes but the same I I shaky Is Jesse sorting out before the end of August I just say one thing Gary welcome back the Premier League thanks Jamie he goes versatile performer Romano is out on the left hand side now Origi's on Liverpool might feel that they've got to score again Origi to chase booted forward by Chambers what Jamie Carragher has told about Liverpool's defensive frailties they conceded 50 goals last season the most they've ever conceded in the Premier League and they have got problems defensively because this is the first time they've conceded 50 goals last season the most they've ever conceded in the Premier League and they have got problems defensively because this game should be out of reach at 4-1 we've had a missed penalty as well penalty failure since then seven goals what's the appetite even more for London Derby and Monday night football another managerial debut Antonio Conte and finally Jose Mourinho's first home Premier League game in charge of Manchester United Claude Puel another of the new bosses the latest to sit in the hot seat at Southampton climbing coming from Southampton it's the climb and Oxlade-Chamberlain coming in at hammer and tongs what the Saints fans make of a game like this with so many of their ex-players involved yeah Ken and he's getting up stepping up oh there's a the late challenge days and kind of chucky who's of a hit. Liverpool were 4-1 up. Remember that Nigel Salah part, they were 3-0 up. Dwight Gale, little storm into Liverpool's faces. Mane is Firmino. Not always taking the ball with him, but he's still in control here. Wedged up for Mane. And then Budin going forward, second half in the pool, but it does undermine your performance when you do concede goals. Only 1-1 of their last 16 away games against Arsenal. There's Jones for their lead to be threatened again. And Bayern... Xhaka. Moreno had a difficult first half, he's actually done OK in the second half. Not too much to worry about. Coquelin. Sanchez coming in. And a little bit of... Without understandable hesitation. And Lovren got there first as he had to do in the end. It was a really good first time delivery from Bellerin. Just guides it back across goal. Sanchez can't just quite get in front of Lovren. He does well. Arsenal still on the comeback trail here. Mignolet. Hooked it down. To the corner, take... Sante. I think that's all that... Took by... Mane. Mane out. That's all the long footed. There's a chance for Clyde to play down the outside there. Sante. And I think... It was the third and fourth goals that were booed. A lot of boos around this ground for Arsene Wenger and his team. And now... The fans are right behind them. Well he owes a great debt of gratitude to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain who scored so quickly to turn the 4-1 into 4-2. Yeah, I think there'd have been some space between that fourth and the fourth goal. It would have been a bit uncomfortable and awkward. On it! I feel like before the game speaking to Arsenal fans like they were on the edge. And they needed to win today. Which seems crazy. I remember the last game between these two finished 3-3 all in Anfield. No! Klarna. Seven minutes past stoppage time. Liverpool's lead. Which seemed... Secure. It's still... Precarious in these closing minutes. Henderson. Chan. Firmino. Clyne. Too much on that. Mane. He's got to go sideways for Xhaka. Oxlade-Chamberlain is thinking about the next pass rather than the touch when the ball arrived. Mane. Liverpool. A bit caught in two minds as to whether to keep going at Arsenal. Should see it out. The attack might be the best form of defence. But it's not. The attack might be the best form of defence then, and that's what Wijnaldum thinks. Firmino! Well, it hit the net on the outside and it was deflected. Looked like it was going to be another Liverpool special. You're definitely right. There's a couple of instances in the last minute or so where Liverpool have almost stopped whilst attacking. And there, Wijnaldum does inject some pace into the attack. It's certainly the best way to go. Not quite sure they're clever enough to be able to see it out by running the clock down with probably about seven or eight minutes to go. Not quite sure they're clever enough to be able to see it out by running the clock down with probably about seven or eight minutes to go. Taken by Henderson but not deep enough to get past the front man. Retrieved by Liverpool. Retrieved by Liverpool. Roberto Moreno, the offside flag does help out Nacho Monreal, it looked as though it was two against one when the ball was travelling in the forward direction. Firmino's out of position, he's thinking of tapping down that side. He's getting across for him. It's going to be seen as not just clumsy, but deliberate by Xhaka, it was a clumsy touch. He knew exactly what he was doing after that, he'd committed a number of fouls already. It's part of his game that I think the Premier League rivals are going to maybe prey on and play on. You mentioned his record, his disciplinary record, his performance. Paul... That's what being a fan is all about. No game without some pain. Klava, into Wijnaldum. Firmino... They've had to put in a lot of effort to... Try and get back in the game. Liverpool... Looking to finally kill them off. But they're going to do it with this attack. And after led into stoppage time at half time, having wasted the penalty as well. Coutinho's brilliant free kick. And from level... At the end of the game, he's got a good shot. And there's a purple patch for Liverpool, led by Coutinho. I don't know whether the Arsenal fans know too much about Kevin Stewart. But he is a former Tottenham player, but not one of, he would tell you, of great renown at White Hart Lane. Certainly made good strides since Liverpool took him on. Arsenal need the ball at the other end of the pitch, and Liverpool are only in the last two or three minutes. They've been able to stop that. Now we're in the plot down for a bit. Making substitutions. And the first down is number 35, Kevin Stewart. Yeah, one or two do know his Tottenham background here. I think they got him... The first team picture at White Hart Lane. Origi. Pirouetting. And they're lying down the clock and getting a corner. Two minutes before stoppage time to go. The last thing that Arsenal needed was to stick a foot in and kick it out for a corner. I almost think they took a risk sometimes in those positions and just... ...put the attacker, pass it back, move up. And the minute gone here. Keep it in the corner. Yeah. But the lob. Liverpool supporters, as you can hear and see, on that far corner. Still anxious, though. Lovren. it's good for the Regi really good lines gone ahead of him shows he wants to sell it first it was really really held the ball everything that would walk the center forward to do and show too much of it the chambers we started with arguably the story of the weekend I put hull beating the champions with no sort of preparation for the home team at all all sorts of difficulties getting a lineup out well done Mickey Phelan and his coaching staff and his players still got one more game to go in these round of inaugural fixtures we certainly had the game of the weekend here at the Emirates for this point here's Monreal 90th minute cleared by Stewart still time for Arsenal chambers bit of a stumble by Mane the sun was in his eyes so away we go with the new style kickoffs do not require the ball to go forward the game Dan Lovren very warm in North London rivalry between these two clubs last season was very tight to drawn games last weekend of course Liverpool were in London at Wembley although it wasn't the strongest Barcelona side put before them you can only beat who was put before you Jurgen Klopp side of course won 4-0 they went Klopp's old club Mainz following day and played again and lost 4-0 in the next weekend part of Spain set up in Euro 2016 they didn't much game time oh Spaniard to propel the ball forward from the throw Roberto Moreno wouldn't have started if James Nuno had been fit chance for offside but Sadio Mane has got no flag and he has now certainly looked offside when he took the ball on did he need to take it on I was wondering what the assistant referee was doing he was offside clearly offside just took an age for that flag to go up didn't even go up there when he touched it and eventually it did he became much coveted after his time at Southampton which began here he played his first game in English football for Southampton here in the stadium and a win in the league items very michtig footwork from Simon Mignolet benefiting from the Thomas T Moss a few amendments and interpretations to contend with person who offers a good role in that time will enjoy the sight in front of them in space and get some good passes into them into midfield I thought Jürgen Klopp in his interview looked a little bit more relaxed than Arsene Wenger, talking about the three centre-backs missing. There's the two who were playing, and they had played together before in competitive football for England under-21s in the Toulon tournament, and they came home with winners' medals. I think that's probably the right thing, holding Svevi, he certainly could have used the Mon Royale as a central defender. Pierre Wilke, as we suspected, starting on the right, Alexis Sanchez in the middle, Bayern, of course it's got Mignolet backpedalling, backed in by Iwobi, and of course lost their opening game last season, it was here against West Ham. On the front foot now, and... great, forward. Positivity down both lengths, Arsenal in that attack. Svevi now moves back, holding, and Chambers move up. Something picked up, someone defending predominantly by Liverpool, and attacked by Lovren. And... back in by Kokela, but... straight forward from Mignolet, and he's playing for Liverpool for the 150th time today. His debut was spectacular on an opening day, and saved a penalty, to ensure a win. ... Alberto Moreno, who kept on running. ... It was a chance해야 maybe why the organisation set up, was Carlos." But now, he looks like the final coach, no , but today, that во Not all go well, the Brasil makes a 5 & 3 to the world! Here's Clyne, Mane wanting it fed into him. Chambers tied his up confidently and competently. And Arsenal on the move here. There's Clavan. Good work, Clavan getting the cross, managing the winner, Sanchez. And then the ball goes to Liverpool. Liverpool are in the lead. I think just in this first five or six minutes, Liverpool are at front three. I'll be encouraged by the space behind the Arsenal back floor. It's not quite materialised yet, but I'm sure it will if we can put some passes together. Arsenal nipped into second place on the final day of the Premier League season in May. Liverpool ended rather wearily in eighth. The joint lowest finish. The joint lowest finish ever in the Premier League. They've played a lot of other games. This one is the 38th in the league, 25 in all competitions, 63 in total. Most of any club in the top four English divisions. And not too much to show for it. Ramsey trying to get into a position where he could have received the throw in behind Liverpool's back line. Here's Sanchez. Oh, God. Took it on the first, did to Aaron Ramsey. Wasn't too much of an angle. Great little combination, he always passes fantastic. Exactly where he wants to receive it, Sanchez, and then Ramsey with those little runs off the centre-forward. Good pass! Henderson. We know as an athletic midfield player who loves to push forward. He's going to be a little bit restricted in the way Liverpool have set up here. More doing that sort of thing, getting in the way and intercepting and allowing Clermont to clear Lovren. We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, We'll see how Wijnaldum fits in, having escaped the life of the Championship that many of his, uh, Newcastle team-mates are now experiencing, and it's been a tough start for them, of course. Nice work from Alexis Sanchez. And Barry. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. I think so, obviously, his will not be it. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. Ramsey, who, uh, I think Barry will relish the role playing in behind the main striker. He's nowhere near as much as he is in the ten. Tuklau, good head as one by Chambers. Firmino. It's only a drop for Alex Iwobi. One of those who played in England, the youth set-ups, but opted for another country. Nigeria, in his case. Walcott. Holding. Holding. He's had a season, really, with the Bolton Wanderers. A magnificent move for him, and a great opportunity. So early on, Mignolet had a good starting position there. He went off his line for Sanchez. This is Rob Holding. It's a pretty tough season with Bolton, it must be said. He's shot. And here he is. He's got a good shot. Chambers has helped him fit in off the field, to his new working environment. I'm sure he'll play a part, though. He's relatively inexperienced himself. He is, isn't he? A senior international, Gary. We shouldn't forget that. He broke onto the scene, did really well. And then, it was after that Swansea game away, if you remember, he played right back, struggled, and then from there on... Got Montero'd. Yeah. And then didn't really get a kick. That's a good one. He's got a good shot. There he is. Ron Chambers, one of the number of players in this game who are grateful to Southampton for a part in their development. And he started two Premier League games last season, but one of them was at home to Liverpool, and he helped keep a clean sheet. Monday night, last August. Lovren, also ex-Southampton. A Liverpool trying to press, and Mane has got Firmino to his right. Hunting up for Don Real. Cross. Cross drifting out. I wondered if there might have been a deflection on it because of the lack of direction, but there wasn't. Well, he calls his football heavy metal style he couldn't play like Arsenal they're more orchestral he could never coach it i think we've got two teams that are trying to be very much in the images of their managers that's a lot better the first 10 minutes once Liverpool settle down and just start to play a few passes the recall some real problems very tight series of games yesterday a bit more opening the result from Bournemouth earlier today of course Chelsea against West Ham to come back to the top of the table tomorrow to turn infield where he's grateful to be fouled really he wants to move forward single up towards Patino Firmino they have to try when they win it back Liverpool and just play that first pass forwards and take the Arsenal midfield out the game they're just passing back a little bit too much the sprinklers were on for a long time before the game slow the playing surface at the moment here's Lallana Liverpool trying to open it up with the ball Henderson now Klein hit it hard and low and the check is able to hang on and that's having a good attack quickly it didn't allow Roby and Walcott to get back into that game with Mane made his debut in English football and Southampton won here Nathaniel Klein was amongst the scorers in that game he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium Clara and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium Clara and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium and he's got a bit of a happy previous in this stadium just moving the line of turn if you can get it around the corner space is there 10 years now at the Emirates for Arsenal celebrated the club of today's match program which last season cost £3.50 10 years now at the Emirates for Arsenal celebrated the club of today's match program which last season cost £3.50 a time free gift to all spectators so a time free gift to all spectators so a time free gift to all spectators so nice touch nice touch nice touch he was on the charge again from midfield his left back's gone Moreno he's erratic his left back's gone Moreno he's erratic even there diving in there and Ramsey his even there diving in there and Ramsey his rash his rash his rash from it seems to do everything at from it seems to do everything at from it seems to do everything at top top speed and never composed himself top top speed and never composed himself top top speed and never composed himself from slowing down a bit no even from slowing down a bit no even from slowing down a bit no even that's dangerous that's dangerous never composed himself you think of his never composed himself you think of his positions in the Europa League final positions in the Europa League final positions in the Europa League final where he give away a couple of goals where he give away a couple of goals where he give away a couple of goals in similar areas Linnaeus takes charge and Liverpool have takes charge and Liverpool have pulled everyone back a stop and survey for stop and survey for I think about where they know they paid quite a lot of money for him in your pre-match team announcement she's suggesting that he's filling in for the injured James Milner there's no question that James Milner would have been the first choice left back and may well play that position it's not a demotion from midfield it's because they regard him as a very good player in all sorts of different positions Milner got injured early in the match at Wembley last weekend stayed on for a while, it's a sore heel I'm sure knowing James Milner it would have been down to him, he would have played today it certainly tells you a lot about what Klopp's thinking about Moreno in terms of his trust and faith in him in moments like that a few minutes or so ago that will sort of hit home a little bit of ring rusty from Jordan Henderson as well and a foul by Claremont who's come all the way out with Aaron Ramsey Mike Holderbert gives Arsenal a free kick in a promising position when we say holding in the box we're not talking about a foul now it's the Arsenal defender Mignolet's off his line looking to squeeze that space behind him in his defence and just needs to put it onto that penalty spot swinging away from Mignolet perfect the chance to take that first time and really go for goal he took a touch, it widened the position and lessened the options he made up for it, it's a fantastic header Claremont did play for Estonia in the European qualifiers against England, got sent off actually in Tallinn and they knew he would have been offside chance coming late in his career he's in his 30s now he's the new mountain skirtle and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game Arsenal more into their style than Liverpool thus far Elneny they've settled down quicker than the squeeze in the game he's passing it better, Arsenal he'sinfected him play again the first up the first one when they can always be up a little too late the second shot more back hardest per set more training can stick with his computer can run off the bench could be a game-changer can stick with his computer certainly trusting Henderson Klein trusting Mane you know wanted to be slipped through the middle it takes let's look to Coutinho plenty Liverpool's change ship forward here money still working still wriggling asking for handball get back and get the corner that he was looking for subsequently still got a free kick as Wilcox just got his body in front of the impetuous Alberto Greene Liverpool's best bit of play starting with a good pass from Mignolet he's got it into midfield certainly not handball certainly hasn't been a good ground for Liverpool just one win trips to the Emirates still switched here from Highbury Aaron Ramsey own goal in that victory the goal from Luis Suarez Jurgen Klopp had a full pre-season that very much to his shaping alongside with the commercial department which is important to the way the pre-seasons are run by the top clubs Arsene Wenger in particular took a while to recognize that they go on their travels now as well Chambers, Iwobi, Coquelin challenged by Henderson a bit of trading places there between those two Walcott, Sanchez and you wonder whether they went from the grass much as they did today. It's a bit of a bit of a look at that just hold it up for Theo Walcott but it didn't quite look at Moreno he just turns his back on the play away he's a sight of where Walcott is but the pass is just over hit Jamie Carragher is up on the gantry with us Jamie some early impressions from you? Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. Well looking from Liverpool's point of view it's how it's going to be in the Premier League. I think that to try and expose Arsenal's two young centre-backs but I think they've dealt very well at this moment. And a problem for Liverpool is they're very short in midfield because Firmino hasn't really got the pace to penetrate in behind and of course defeat and Arsenal are dealing with that very well. And those are running behind by Arsenal. Alexis Sanchez is caught offside. It's a game that you're watching 20 minutes in Arsenal. I think you've got to be careful. Definitely been the better team but just picking up on what Jamie's said there. I think if Liverpool could somehow put three or four passes together in and around that Arsenal midfield with the way in which Chambers and Holding are pushing up I think they really would get some joy. They haven't been able to do it yet. No running behind and no real aerial threats from Chambers and Holding. They've looked out to settle and they might have been. The runs will probably come from Mane, Coutinho and Lallana maybe from the position some wide in through the gaps between full-back and centre-back rather than directly through the middle necessarily. Mane there. But certainly off his line and Aaron Ramsey spotted that and couldn't quite execute. That would have been a spectacular opening goal for Arsenal. Well it was on but he also had the run-through of Walcott to consider there. He'd just run offside. He'll be angry. Look at Theo Walcott. Played by Roberto Moreno. Holding wins the header as he should do against Coutinho. Here's Firmino working to the left. And Kynes got forward from right back. Played by Henderson. Mane wants that just rolled in behind Nacho Monreal. They've been in that position a couple of times. And in goes Firmino. And they wanted to get it that offside but there was no flag. I saw him late. Bellerin. Just did enough in the end. He's got to get it to the back. It's only the second time in over four years that both Mournisaka and Koscielny have been missing at the back for Arsenal. Both of them. The other time was his fixture last season. And it was Callum Chambers and Gabriel. And Gabriel is out injured at the moment. Would have been the choice for Arsene Wenger had he been fit. I think the injury is the whole point of motivated players. I think there is a line ofaux. And a little nervous league. We need hands there. They're too up as well. That's management that makes as Well, that's management. What did you look like Jamie read appsaatam Koscielny? What did you make of Jamie Redknapp's point about Koscielny saying hang on a minute version as in the Euro 2016 final. I think there definitely is a point. I think that the sports science has a big impact now upon, obviously, what happens in team selection. I think that the necessity, obviously, of the club is that they've got to win games straight away. I think that if they do lose today, they would come under some pressure or some banger. Speaking to fans before the game, they certainly weren't coming into the ground inspired. I don't know whether you felt the same thing, Martin. Well, you tend to hear the negative side of that particular argument. I think the supporters are a bit quieter these days. But there are still plenty out there, I'm sure. Here's Adam Lallana. And Firmino! Deflected into Mane's path. He could be given away by Walcott. Liverpool's starting to put it together a bit better. He always felt, as soon as he started to play a few passes, they would cut through Arsenal. This is better. Feeding it into feet and around the box. Some good fortune. Was it the heel of Chambers that just took it away? Just there. It's an important touch. Without Murtisaka, he'll be vulnerable. He'll be set to pieces. These are always awkward to defend. Anderson. Moreno. First time for Mane. Klavan. And it's still standing firm. 25 minutes gone. 0-0. Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now Lovren. Now, Lovren. acceso de spicy until Halloween. His back is in the back. What a back-and-finger. But birdie by Romano. borrow by Rum luck. It is goal from ek & Palinow. by Rum luck. But birdie by Rum luck. Nicole Platt EM Williams. How находится her eşs Perry Spunco Her Nou. Her nou ideal. Enjoy your match entered the superior La Liga. And he woah. nailed to drive it. What was that ramsay? Two shots fire already. ル lado da bastb Guerra Very tough money. What a goal by Per tendencies really theabout. he got plenty of game time for England how did you assess what he did Gary? I think he's a good player Adam Lallana I think that when seeing him with England he was almost he's good at connectivity through midfield he always seemed to link things well glue things together I think it was probably one criticism not criticism, the observation that he would know himself just to add that little final pass more goals then you really have got a top player but his work for the team, his intelligence, his understanding he's very good in his application I guess he's not scored for England yet 26 caps now that would be the one observation he needs to improve that return he's better than that as well he's got a surrendered midfielder let him go I think it would be more difficult to have him in front of the wheat I would do it for that see if, of course as well every week the flu to come Mr David Today in our stoves Jalen Jalen most of all Jalen very, very remember Jalen So, the under-21s. Here's Henderson, another Englishman in the game. Coppola. Nice to get a free kick. I know many of you are interested on the club and international front about Daniel Sturridge. Well, I'm told by Liverpool that he is fit, but just a little bit undercooked in terms of the height of training. Here's Iwobi, into Ramsey. Monreal. On either side. That was a late play by Roberto Moreno, Theo Wilcox, and it was inside the box, and it's a penalty to Arsenal. That lachness of the Liverpool left-back, exposed again, Gary Neville. I was watching Moreno, actually, as the ball was on the far side. He ball-watches, he hadn't looked across. And he's so rash. I mean, it's absolutely garbage tackle. It really is. Well, players, in terms of voicing their discontent, officials have to be careful. It may be that the booking is for him going across to the assistant referee as much as for the foul. Well, just as Liverpool are getting into the game, you know, you might as well start the goal down with Moreno at left-back. There's no concept of awareness of what's around him, of composure in his defending. It's Theo Wilcox. He spends his chances, Theo Wilcox, the last five, ten minutes, running inside Moreno, growing in confidence. Having earned the penalty. The chance to convert the penalty. 29 minutes gone. Mignolet, as he did famously on his Liverpool debut, saves the penalty on an opening day of the season. Big celebrations from Liverpool. Mignolet. The perfect penalty height. It's a poor one from Theo Wilcox. Keepers love it at that height. Just nice to be able to push away. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mangetada. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Mignolet. Liverpool's player of last season, we haven't seen too much of him in this game. Lallana's caught in possession. And the space for Walcott to make a man straight away, and he has done. Well, you don't see that very often. The player who's failed from the penalty spot getting a chance straight away in the next attack from open play. And making out from the latch from 12 yards with a tiny finish this time into the bottom floor. That was a wonderful finish, not quite sure where the left-back is. Watching Moreno here. Where is he? The ball attacks down that side. He's out of position. Theo Walcott cannot believe his luck, just a massive moment of disappointment. Adam Larsen, fantastic challenge by Coquelin. The Wolves' pass is good, it's the run from Ramsey that clears the space. Nowhere to be seen is Moreno. It's a wonderful finish, if you think of Theo Walcott in that position, it is his strength, he does hit it well across the goalkeeper. 68 seconds from the penalty failure to the scoring shot. It was always going to come down this side if it was for Arsenal. It must feel a little bit like an assassination of Moreno, but if you're Liverpool fans watching at home, I think you know what I'm talking about. You've seen enough of it over the last 18 months. It's been a long time since he's played for Liverpool. And he needs it. Nice ox. They'll just keep hitting it down this side. Walcott... He covers in confidence so quickly. And that penalty miss. And Monreal... Ramsey, switch the play. It's on again, Theo Walcott. And Titino has come to left-back. Moreno's all over the place, he was watching. Behring. Ramsey. Elneny. I think Tim May-Sanchez. He wins the header too. And Elneny. A measure of Arsenal's confidence at the moment that both the holding midfield players were pushing up to try and get it. But it's a bit of a challenge. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. That's the only thing that matters. The first pass is open back to Liverpool. And here's Clyne. And here's Clyne. All you can say really, has it looked like a Jurgen Klopp team from Liverpool so far? He was confident before the game and his interview, but that's not transferred out into his players onto the pitch. They've got to be brave. Get on the half-turn in those tight spaces. Pop it around the corners, and they've got players like Lallana without them. Pop it around the corners, and they've got players like Lallana without them. Jamiro, Coutinho, you can't pass him back. And not playing it through those spaces, you'd be frustrated with the pool manager. Henderson. Milano. To Klein now, Mane. Reynaldo. He scored 11 Premier League goals for Newcastle last season. All at home, though. We're looking for some away-day trust here. Hasn't been very conspicuous in the first third of the game. They've got to give themselves a chance to play with confidence. I think we'll need to Barcelona. Firmino. Firmino. Here's Mane. Milano. Firmino. That's better. They're going to do some passes together. I'm not sure who he's screaming at or what he's screaming. They've got the players. To be able to combine like that. Doesn't get his finish right, Firmino. Well said. Hammond. D Ge Virga . What a tackle after the low par. Take it back, Hubert. Hiccup. Take it back. If you look at those attempts, suggests there may be an opportunity for them. He's been all over Jitter at the moment, Alberto Meriano. He's all over the place. of course has played at left back and Emre Can has played at right back for Germany that's on the bench that's one move they could think about but still 10 minutes to go to half time when they're all bit he cuts inside you can just see the run from Walcott on the far side just watch it ball watching Moreno not seeing the run not seeing the run that's just a soft little drifted pass over the top he's in trouble again got to try and get to half time without any further damage Liverpool started last season with a 1-0 win at Stoke came here and true looking quite good then for Brendan Rodgers by October he'd gone that way and he's got a good chance of winning the game you get your diaries out Monday night football used to that Chelsea against West Ham is first offering for you from seven Sky Sports one and Friday night Manchester United you've had a great day today another South Coast team in Southampton 630 and it's an issue foul from Cuckoo land it's been Neil a card for it I'm just going to read a bit of the I'm just going to read a bit of the really going for it really going for it Liverpool for the 50th time as manager Liverpool for the 50th time as manager of Arsenal some Premier League managers of Arsenal some Premier League managers don't get 50 games total don't get 50 games total information about booking for Francis Coquelin coaching San Diego sandals playing ный Atletico wanted but that is San Diego score literally Not well enough by Rob Holding. Let's go! Let's go! We'll be happy, those two young centre-backs. One more quarter-minute's in. Concern now as Coutinho runs out there. APPLAUSE Several at times with the final ball, Monreal on the... Timing of the run and the pass not quite in harmony. That was great movement from Sanchez. APPLAUSE Hush got transferring it well out of these positions, it's difficult for them. Having to kick it forwards like that, which is good for Arsenal, good for Chambers. Clyne. Lallana. CHEERING It's been a bit like that for Liverpool, despite the potential in the team, and they do advance with the ball at their feet. Arsenal's... I wouldn't say depleted, it's a bit unfair on the lads, but they make a mistake like that from Chambers. Firmino. Now Coutinho. Wijnaldum. Trying to steer it in, still short on a Premier League goal on his CV. And he holds his hand up, out of screen, out of shot, Callum Chambers for that pass. It's 3-v-2, he's practised these in training all the time, not sure it was the right pass from Firmino, I think he could have gone to Mane, the opposite side. Chance missed. Elneny. Ramsey did well under some pressure, not so well at that time, Alexis Sanchez. He's come back to London, proper America winner again. There he is, restless energy. Hayts not playing, Hayts being substituted. Never one to... allow the sports scientist to interfere with his career. Liverpool, more of the ball, it seems to be going 1-0 down, but not sure it's been in the right areas. Chance for Liverpool to counter-attack, there's five moving forward here for them. APPLAUSE Firmino in the back. In the centre. And Lallana has reached it. On the back here was Kroos, all that he could come up with, but it's cleared by Elneny. And there's room, backs of it for Ramsey. Now Sanchez. Arsenal counter-attacking here. Challenge of the agricultural variety by Dejan Lovren. Lovren had one go with him in the first round, he was just there, he stuck his left arm out, then caught it. He got caught up with him. And swept him with his right leg. Another arm always you can get booked this season, but that would be a booking in any season. Not pushing too many forward, but Sanchez might just be the one, had to be of rare precision from Aaron Ramsey. Natt Prestones . Glamour. Coutinho. striking hard, Cotla. for trouble Petr Cech has had a lot of history of course playing for Chelsea against Liverpool never forgive that phantom goal being awarded Champions League semi-final no less there's great joust between Mourinho and Benitez one thing I would say about that last shot is that his experience and his quality means he just steps across anticipates and captures it makes it look easy yeah he's given it looking nibble at the ball by Henderson he thought Mourinho has decided it's a foul it's a driving run too you could think about it Michael Oliver if he wasn't sure he didn't get anywhere near the ball did he no he's not much there's a player growing in confidence Iwobi I'm not sure there is too much contact it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul it's a foul batting when he with batting when he missed יל I was irty stand a Callum Chambers has voted into the All-Star team in that two-long tournament that England won earlier in the summer. Good boost for his confidence. Monreal with a sort of climb that made him a candidate to be a centre-back today. Mane. High foot. Again in the right position, Huckalant screening those two centre-backs. That's a point you made right at the beginning, Gary, about helping Holding and Chambers settle in. When you've got an obvious weakness in your side or some vulnerability, it's important that the players react. You look at Elneny's position now and Huckalant, look how close they are right in front of those two young centre-backs. Meaning that the space isn't there for the Larner, for Mino to operate in. You have to say Arsenal have done well with that. One last time. But seperti Musewski, St modo. Pratino. Added time. Chills in nearly two minutes. Mane. It's like, deeper and more centrally. goal in these closing first half moments it's just in Coutinho's range a few yards further back i think he'd be thinking about a cross or a chip a little bit similar to what Alexis Sanchez had a couple of minutes ago at the other end slightly less central a little bit more favoring the right footer only three Arsenal players in the wall which told you that it's a chip don't feel too threatening here goes Coutinho it was certainly within his range and Liverpool equalizing stoppage time before half time Coutinho who won the points on the opening day for Liverpool last season has brought them back level here it's wonderful from Coutinho i just mentioned three in the wall which suggests that a goalkeeper thinks he's in control doesn't need the four but he's nowhere to check the execution the dip the pace on the ball is wonderful and it gets Liverpool at half-time level and the performance hasn't been anywhere near the best i said it might have been a soft free kick we didn't see the replay we're gonna see it now he's got his arms on him holding holding holding holding there and Coutinho striking