seeded them Chelsea so they come here as fallen champions but bearing in mind where they were in the table when Craig Shakespeare took over an eighth place finish which is a possibility now will actually represent quite an improvement from Leicester from where they were between them these teams have been champions three times in the last five years Danny Simpson feeding it forward and here's Nicholas Otamendi looking for Yaya Toure who may be 34 today but the cake can wait till the end of the game here's Mahrez Chilwell has got forward as he is liable to do left a little behind Markle Brighton it was always the possibility today Andy that Leicester could have gone with three at the back they've only done it once and it didn't work out for them against Chelsea and Heupen so the way things have started it does look as though they have settled into a back four it's been a positive start on short Craig Shakespeare will watch the Palace game Sam Aladai starting with five at the back was they conceded after a minute and a half so they had to change their plan so sure Craig thought about it but 4-4-1-1 really is the Leicester way but Danny Simpson really pointed the way forward before the game they've got to be aggressive be on the front foot you sit back and admire City they will they'll tear you apart 4-2 Leicester win that they managed over Manchester City back in December was one of the rare high spots of the Claudio Ranieri reign this season thought that they'd possibly turn the corner but when it was evident that they happened by the February defeat against Swansea that's when the change was made since then Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Craig Shakespeare than they'd managed in 25 under Ranieri's time. Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Craig Shakespeare than they've managed in 25 under Ranieri's time. Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Ranieri's time. this seems to be the attitude the Leicester players is what's changed the personnel they pretty much the same under Ranieri the formation stayed the same it's just the application the appetite of these Leicester players has completely changed since Ranieri left which is of course not positive David Silda just leaving it behind of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the champions league placing wall that they've left to go champions league placing wall that they've left to go for now but that is crucial to them Leroy Sané puts the man who's going to fill the vacancy left by hoops injury there's really good defensive cover by Fuchs stepping in of course from left back to play on the left hand side of that central defensive partnership with with Sané and Sterling down the flanks of City could be a long afternoon for with Sané and Sterling down the flanks for City could be a long afternoon for Simpson and Chilwell who scored his first goal of the season last week against Crystal Palace is in there looking to get on the end of this it went beyond him to Fernandinho whose header was wide well if he keeps this on target it's 1-0 City just seems to be slightly ahead of the ball but defensively from a Leicester perspective far too easy Fernandinho gets away from Danny Simpson he's goal side of him initially but let's say Fernandinho get beyond him it's just really a clumsy header you see he's away from Simpson keeps this on target it's 1-0 we did make that early breakthrough against Crystal Palace here with David Silva's 50th goal for Manchester City early goals were the order of the day when the signs went earlier in the season City finding themselves two down in the first five minutes there we could have had an early breakthrough there without opening for Fernandinho here's Otamendi now Clichy given away to Danny Simpson and this is Okazaki trying to set Vardy away and he has got away from Otamendi but can't generate any power behind the shot his movement is excellent the angle is against him completely mistimes his shot as well but this is what we'd be looking to do get in between Kompany and Otamendi the City full-backs invariably push on sometimes Vardy with his pace he will get beyond the two centre-halves here's Kompany now Sterling to Fernandinho Kevin de Bruyne helping it back to Raheem Sterling king in pursuit Manchester City haven't beaten Leicester in the last three meetings they've lost each of the last two and they will be very wary of the kind of form that Arsenal are showing just behind them in a bid to steal the ball and they will be very wary of the kind of form that Arsenal are showing just behind them in a bid to steal the ball one of the Champions League places Fernandinho Picking out Sané here's Clichy De Bruyne made the run into the box Old boy trying to help out defensively there against Gabriel Jesus sorry Paul for the two Leicester centre-halves Beniluan and Fuchs to be aware of the movement around them Paul watching against City are in big trouble Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball It's the kind of play heart-to-heart, in this kind of similar clowns style, see that a really important touch on the ball those two Centre-Halves more than anybody not but back four my have to be aware of that midfield movement from De Bruyne around Silva has to be aware of that midfield movement from De Bruyne around Silva dressing transformation in the season of your head Bend the one who earlier in the campaign was playing for the other 23 is in a check-line under 23 is in a check-line Chelsea defeated Agricolt portfol and suddenly in the second half of the campaign had found himself projected it's the first team squad all and suddenly in the second half of the campaign had found himself projected it's the first team squad all All but Guardiola has suffered six league defeats in a campaign for the first time in his career as a head coach. But also drawn matches have seen many vital points spill away in terms of a concerted title bid. There's Klesi, a company who's been a reassuring presence since his return. There's Raheem Sterling, trying to give Chilwell the slip. Albrighton back to help out the young full-back. It's so important that Mark Albrighton and Fiyad Mahrez track back, help out their full-backs as well. We'll see this from the wide players from City. Sterling driving infield to encourage Mbappé Fernandinho to get forward from right back. It's just a clumsy challenge in the end. De Bruyne has bent one round brilliantly and it was inches away from Jesus. What a searching ball. So many of De Bruyne's forward passes are just encouraging people to move on to them. He's not waiting for the player to move, he plays the ball expecting his teammates to get into the path of the ball. So wonderfully bending ball in. And Jesus not that far away. Balling for Leicester as if they needed it and the creativity that De Bruyne can support it. And that's the end of the line. Chilwell there being held off by Fernandinho but he made good strides there in Leicester Youngster. Positive play from Chilwell. We're going to see this from Simpson as well. It's so important when those two Leicester full-backs go forward that Ndidi and King, the two central midfielders, sit in there to provide some defensive cover. Because City on the counter-attack with Sterling Sterling, so effective. This is an area where they will miss the likes of Huff and Morgan. But Hoeks has gone in there hoping to fulfil that kind of role and Ndidi was the player who had the opportunity in front of goal but he got underneath it. City defending with a combination of some zonal marking, some man marking. They simply don't do their jobs well enough. Torre and company, two very good headers of the ball, both underneath this ball. And again with the Fernandinho chance, just the timing of the header from Ndidi is wrong. Defensively from set pieces, both sides are struggling. Barbidi who scores. That's a good one. Barbidi who scored three goals for Leicester this season. All of them in home wins just swatted aside Sterling then to get to that ball. Here's company. Now Xesus. And Chilwell back to Christian Fuchs. Here's Mahrez. A little bit of a trip by Wilfred Ndidi. Torre. Now company. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Can you win over the Mais jets? The experience in these United League and Leicester is an important warrior. Otamendi's head out, falls for Albrighton, shot away but straight out Caballero is company, now Otamendi, Klichy, there's Yaya Toure, Sterling has made the run but it was just over hit for him. Just the weight of the forward pass not quite right but the movement, the idea from Sterling is right, Chilwell. As a young full-back he's a quality player but you do in games like this really have to open your body up and be aware of the runs off the ball, that's where you're going to get caught out. Great cross back there Chilwell on the inside for Leicester, a player who's making his first appearance since the Champions League exit. Leicester of course going further in that competition than their opponents today. That's Britain's last representatives in it. City who are vying to get in that competition again next season. Prospect already beyond Leicester. De Bruyne. Here's Fuchs. Fernandinho, Sterling in a race with Chilwell to get there which he did. Fernandinho now Silva. That's a good one. That's a good one. Steve Fernandinho. That's okay. Three-agenda line-up, that's okay. improvising on the ball. inaudible ться än Clichy Challenge from King, which the referee was perfectly happy with Breaks down off Jamie Vardy and here's Leroy Sané De Bruyne Silva Away by King This is Simpson Happy to leap out to his goalkeeper Willy Caballero, who's one of a number of City players whose contract will be up in the summer, Torre and Clichy among the others with some big decisions to be made. It's Emendi got away with that there against Okazaki Here's Fernandinho De Bruyne And in towards Jesus Okazaki for a chopping in of the challenge I see that Yahya Torre is nowhere near the ball, Okazaki lays it off and gets clattered, that's clearly a foul Challenges starting to fly in in central midfield Sae looking to get on the ball and play some decent attacking football Jesus jumping deep to gain possession Let's get a touch on the ball Andy King, certainly gets a bump of Jesus as well, he's been out of course with that foot injury for, what, three months Yes, just back for three games prior to this since that broken foot so you could understand he was wearing a as that challenge from King came in. Turn to King, broken up by Yaya Arturi, and slotted through by Jesus, trying to force the issue early for Sterling. That's a brilliant piece of anticipation from Kasper Schmeichel, look how high he is up the field, he knows exactly where it's going to be played. There's Jesus looking to play, reads the run of Sterling Schmeichel. He's a sweeper-keeper, if you've seen one. And with a growing reputation, who of course started his City first-team career very young, played ten matches for them before his sale to Notts County. Rumours of a potential move back to Manchester maybe, on the other side of the city. I think that has to be retaken, probably because he wasn't ready. J joke. Trying to decry this frustration. That will have to be taken again. Sarlow leaving the complaint. King's touch. Here's Sané. Simpson. Now Ndidi Benelouane. We saw Kasper Schmeichel step out of his penalty area. The first time today, he might have to just sweep in between. And in behind, his two centre-halves are not the quickest. Sometimes they're going to be caught to stud still, so he's going to have to sweep in behind where those forward balls are played. And he's going to have to sweep in between. Chilwell. Still wanting more. Be careful how far he takes these complaints. And Vincent Kompany, the captain, is just coming forward to hear the exchange here. He's going to be able to make it. He's brought to Portier. It has just been a word of warning for Sterling. A bit of simple performance. He knocks the ball past Chilwell. That arm comes across to stop Sterling getting in behind him. He's got every right to do that. That's why Sterling's unhappy. He feels as though he's been blocked off. Sterling almost walked it through. In fact, De Bruyne has got a touchback to Silva. From Jesus here to Klichy. Sané. Klichy. Back to Mares, which took the sting out of it. Schmeichel thought he kept it the right side of the line. Right. Schmeichel clearly not happy. He felt he kept the ball in. That's a really tough one for the officials to get right. It's a very, very close call. It's a hard one for Adrian Holmes to give. From the other side. That's a nice call there. All the way out to De Bruyne. Here's Silva. It's brought a little by surprise then. Otamendi's header. Silva pulls it back. Sané! And Chilwell turns it behind for safety first, but City playing so well in tight areas then. That's a perfect example of the anticipation of David Silva. He expects this header to be one. He's on the move, he's moving forward onto the ball. And that's why he's able to make things happen. Just a scuffed effort really from Sané at the end. Silva, so positive when that ball breaks. Great little lay-up. Sané, if he's got a right foot, probably scores. De Bruyne's corner. He's run the header. That's a clear space for Schmeichel to emerge. Klichy has gone back to defend against Jamie Vardy. That's a good one. That's a good one. Klichy fronted one, the ball. That's that classic Leicester. Great forward, brilliant forward pass from Schmeichel to pick up Vardy. Saw that so many times last season. Klichy's quick. Just that bit quicker. There's an awful lot of contact. Anything on the ball? Nothing on the ball. Vardy's looking for this as well, just wants to get a touch on the ball. Once a defender catches him, he's always going to go to ground. Vardy winning the kick, he's got his team in a great position here. Fulbrighton can get the delivery right. He's got Benelouane and Ndidi to aim for in there. But it's Kompany who meets it first. Simpson got to it late. In front, he's got Kompany. And there goes Alvarez. And there goes Kompany. And there goes Alvarez. And there goes Kompany. And there goes Kompany. Kompany is on the ball. He has got Kompany. Kompany has got Kompany. Kompany is on the ball. Kompany is on the ball. Kompany is on the ball. And that's a great first. Here's Jesus. Fulbrighton desperate to get it on the deck. But ends up putting his opponents on the deck. Well, Alvarez's defence here is that he feels has been taken and here's Toure back to Vincent Company now what's him ending Toure Raheem Sterling De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne picks it up here's Fernandinho cleared by Christian Fuchs here's the player position stats you'd probably expect from a game like this City dominating the ball starting to create one or two opportunities but Leicester even with relatively little of the ball we saw last season can't be so effective with Vardy breaking ownership of the ball means a lot more to Pep Guardiola than his opponent here's David Silva now Sterling is waiting for the ball Fernandinho Silva seeking out Clichy Chasers waiting in the middle but it's behind him and Sterling good for the collection in the corner Leicester just lost their shape now has got to dragged infield that's why Clichy has so much space to break forward from left back there's not a lot of height in the box really for anyone in a wide position in a City shirt to knock that ball into attack so everything's coming around hip height which makes it difficult to to get shots in because there's so many Leicester shirts back there it's Ndidi's block that gave Manchester City their latest corner their fourth of the game already so he takes here's Silva Sterling now Toure Fernandinho with the ball across Sane trying to rescue it Leicester City so far have adopted some promising positions so far yet to find the killer touch here's Toure now Fernandinho Silva Chorwell does enough King here's Ndidi blocked off by Yaya Toure De Bruyne going for the long range hit and Schmeichel left stranded by the deflection glad it went wide this has come off Fener Leone not sure how wide the post it is but Toure does really well he's the deepest lying in the City midfielders wins the ball back just clips the centre half Schmeichel will be nowhere near it even inside the post so this corner company went for it the corners have looked dangerous so far there's Fernandinho now Jesus it needs to make a right missed Sane no good that was there one chance Choi one ball Dellifrey whimper trees Here's Okazaki. Muscled by Yaya Arturo, who wins the free kick. Weston, one of five teams to have beaten Manchester City in the Premier League so far this season. New champions Chelsea have already beaten them twice. Inter, A decir, Interesting. Sturgeon... De Bruyne. It's all right, picking out right-handed Sterling. Sterling gives Breeze past Chilwell! And it's Clichy! And the effort in the end from Sané. Clichy seemed to have no confidence at all about striking himself. It's a really good contest down the city right. Sterling against Chilwell. Danny Simpson does brilliantly here, not to turn this ball past his own goalkeeper. It's actually Mahrez who's back doing that job. Just really outnumbered there defensively, so many Leicester players back defending. Sané goes deep again with the corner. And too deep for any of his own teammates who are in a position to make something of it. City have got to do is play high-tempo football, get the ball into wide areas, get their wide men isolated. Against full-backs, then things start to happen. Very better defending from Mahrez. He's got to put his laces through the ball here, Gael Clichy. There's too many passes in the Leicester penalty area. But he's by no means a regular scorer. Clichy's managed two this season, one of them in the Premier League. He's never managed more than one in a Premier League season. So if he had added to the goal that he scored against Burnley, it would have been a first for him. But I think you could say that about City so far, that when they have gone into those areas in the penalty area, they've tried to overdo it a little. I think she was keen to lay off the responsibility. City dominating the possession. More opportunities for Cashmere Smigel. A save to make. Opportunity from Fernandinho from the corner. And for Sané as well. He's scuffed it across. The goal. I think Shakespeare would be pretty happy with the opening half an hour. Sané. Silva! Well, it didn't lock the cleanest of connections, but it was enough to take it past Smigel. But the Leicester players, protesting. They don't feel it should count. Well, Fuchs demanding an explanation from Bobby Madlin. Kasper Smigel furious that that goal has been allowed. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. With the linesmen. But the Leicester players not getting any joy from him either. The late seems to be that Sterling might have been in an offside position. Got a touch. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Clearly very unhappy that this goal has been given. That's what City can do in the blink of an eye, they can be straight down the field. And they can put the ball in the back of the net, does Raheem Sterling touch this? Silva knocks it goalwards. That's just when Sterling gets a touch on the ball, that clearly is what the Leicester players are appealing for. Does he get a touch on it? Very possibly does. Maybe the Leicester players have a point. Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Well, Manchester City won Leicester 0-0, but who gets the credit? It was the effort from David Silva. But there did seem to be the faintest of touches from Raheem Sterling, and that being the case, he was in an offside position. He just sees his arm go up maybe in celebration, then possibly realised that if he did celebrate too strongly, he would know he was in an offside position, so maybe City have got away with it. FANS ROAR Here's Fernandinho. Now Silva. And it's Fernandinho! And they're looking for a penalty there, but probably madly felt nothing under the ward from Christian Fuchs' challenge. We've got some strong complaints from Fernandinho, but there did seem to be an arm in the back, a nudge in the back, the ball's getting away from him. Fuchs is very slightly fortunate here, because Fernandinho actually runs into Fuchs more than anything else. I think it would have been harsh to give that. Yes, Clichy, Gondrena, now Otamendi. FANS ROAR Oh, Mike Stowell and Greg Shakespeare are still disputing the decision to allow the goal. FANS ROAR Sterling certainly makes a movement towards the ball, but does he touch it? That's the key. FANS ROAR One goal where Sterling will be happy to lay off the credit to David Silva, and here's Sterling himself... FANS ROAR ...and it's a goal for Torre. FANS ROAR Now De Bruyne. FANS ROAR Leroy Sané. FANS ROAR Ended off by Danny Simpson. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Here's Leroy Sané with the corner. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Silva. FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR de Bruyne. FANS ROAR Fernandinho. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR Here's also Mendy... FANS ROAR now Silva this is King to Mahrez Dayotori Sterling and LeJuan stepping in there against Gabriel Jesus who stayed on the ground Fernandinho's cross headed back from Sané Silva's onto it David Silva just trying to roll it in the gap between Ben LeJuan and Danny Simpson Silva Sané Ben LeJuan dives in and the referee has no doubt this time points to the spot it looks a clear penalty but David Silva at the heart of everything that's good about City the way he plays the game the ball is at his feet but he's got his head up he's always looking for where to play the ball lays it into the path of Sané and that is a really clumsy challenge from Ben LeJuan good to see his reactions as well he knows it's a penalty he's nowhere near the ball referee absolutely right to point to the spot and City get a second here they took this penalty away Leicester in big trouble but nowhere near the ball the centre half well Johan Ben LeJuan booked and if they've got a case for dispute over the opening goal they don't really have a grievance over the penalty award seems to be a bit of a debate where Yaya Toure was first to step forward for the kick but it's been handed instead to Gabriel Jesus to try and put Manchester City in a position of comfort before half-time Jesus up against Kasper Schmeichel 2-0 Jesus as cool as you like well Schmeichel's dancing around on his goal line Jesus never took his eyes off the ball never looked like missing didn't look like Toure wanted to take this penalty on his birthday Jesus had other ideas really composed finish neat shuffle from Jesus and his ruthless finish from the spot is what counts for Manchester City and even the experienced campaigner 34 today Yaya Toure prepared to give way to him and that turned out to be the right decision this team conceding two goals in the space of seven minutes and the first goal of the season is there any way back now for Leicester who've lost just two Premier League games since Shakespeare took over against Everton and against Arsenal but it's a long road back here now and it's a long road back here now and it's a long road back here now but it's a long road back here now Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Fernandinho, who lays it off to Silva, forces him a little wider than he would have wanted. De Bruyne. Toure. Cleared by Fuchs. We saw this against Crystal Palace, City went two up and they didn't take their foot off the gas, they kept pressing forward looking for more and more goals, and that's the major problem for Leicester, getting enough of the ball to get a goal back in the game. The bigger problem is keeping City out. Even without long-term absentee Wes Morgan, this looked a tricky enough task for Leicester, but to lose... Robert Huch. ...to be able to move as well and to be forced into reshuffling his makeshift defence was the last thing that Craig Shakespeare would have wanted coming into this game. Against a Manchester City team unbeaten in their previous five. And scored five here a week ago. Thrown through by Xhases but cleared by Christian Fuchs to Chilwell. That's the attacking flexibility that City have, Jey Zeus dropping back into midfield to be the creator. Sterling then coming off the right-hand side to play as a centre-forward. The debate is still raging. I wonder if this goal should stand, does Raheem Sterling get a touch on the shot from David Silva? From the officials' point of view, they have to be absolutely sure that he has got a touch. He's in an offside position, but they can't guess that he's got a touch, they've got to be absolutely sure that he has. And if he hasn't, that's why the goal is allowed to stand, but it's very, very tough to decide. It's a little bit of a celebration from Sterling. He maybe realises he is in an offside position and quickly puts his hand down. I suppose even by making a move towards it as Raheem Sterling did, Kasper Schmeichel might argue that it would affect his positioning. It was certainly Schmeichel who was probably the most vocal initially in leading the protests against that goal, which was the key to the breakthrough. Why didn't they put him in, given the orange ball they were sending earlier, was over 궁금atsuing the fans. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again Here we go again. Here we go again. Silver. Yaya Tauray. Bub got away with it already given away a penalty I think that was the last thing Johan Benelau needed to do there's a time and a place for a centre half to get the tricks out and now you're Tori bearing down on you that isn't one of them Kumpa at the broider Mahrez back to him from Andy King Albrighton's ball in and what a finish from Okazaki and Leicester are right back in it as he powers them into that position now the comeback is on it's a brilliant finish but Vincent Kompany here tries to get to a ball that he's never going to reach maybe should be a bit more of a a bit more of a a bit more of a appreciating where Okazaki is as the cross comes in Kompany tries to get to the ball gets underneath it and that's why Okazaki is in behind him there's a slip from Otamendi as well great ball in from Albrighton but what a finish from Okazaki the third goal in the game is so so important Leicester have got it back and it's game on again that is some way to end a 23 match spell without a goal for Shinji Okazaki he's taken the lead vasul Inspector and it's already 3 goals there's some pity for Ko with theud cambiar so he finds可以 to commend boy nearly two points that's pretty much it much needed encouragement for great Shakespeare a worry for Pep Guardiola is the old failing of not being able to kill opponents off letting them off the hook here's Clichy Yaya Toure going to clear Chilwell and find Raheem Sterling De Bruyne that's it wrong 10th day for Pep Guardiola 10th day for quite a few managers tomorrow on Super Sunday not least at Selhurst Park in that pivotal relegation battle between Crystal Palace and Hull which starts us off from 11 o'clock on Sky Sports 1 followed by Liverpool's determination to nail down a Champions League spot as they go to the London Stadium to take on West Ham and then the final game at White Hart Lane in its current form as Manchester United are the visitors Sky Sports 1 from 4.15 so make sure you're with us for a big day tomorrow yes Sterling here's Sané De Bruyne so they're pulling it across for Raheem Sterling it's not an easy opportunity for Sterling the ball is well beyond it dropping over his shoulder at the far post as well to Asli and knocked this back towards goal scoring from there would be optimistic but it's not an easy opportunity for Sterling he could get into longevity out of that that that that