but they do need the win to hold off the coming threat of Arsenal still the outside threat of Manchester United even though Jose Mourinho has written off their hopes of qualifying through the domestic route for the Champions League but a win with two games left would make Manchester City's position look increasingly secure Here's Wilfred and Didi trying to set Jamie Vardy away. And Nicolas Otamendi fortunate with his slip that the ball then carried out away from danger from Vardy. That's good cover initially from Otamendi, because Vincent Kumpere gets caught underneath the ball, doesn't appreciate the run of Vardy. He should be so aware of that as centre-halves against Vardy. He was looking to get in between him behind. Of course, City played with three centre-halves in the away game against Leicester, an experiment that was quickly abandoned as the game slipped rapidly away from them. It was only late in the game that they struck back with their two consolation goals. Fuchs' long throw there, dealt with, but only to Albrighton. It was a great strike that has given Leicester an opportunity in this match, the first game that Okazaki has scored for since Craig Shakespeare took over. Here's Gabriel Jesus. Gets away from Danny Simpson. He's very quiet about the Yeti hat, whether that's nervousness or just the atmosphere of late season, I'm not sure. I think it's that Okazaki goal, because City were cruising it at 2-0, if they'd gone in at 2-0 at half-time, it would have been a bit of a procession in the second half, but Leicester getting the goal back, that's why the City fans were a bit nervous, but it makes for a very open second half, both sides are clearly going to go for the... They're going to go for the goal, so it'll make a big difference to how their season ends up. Even before the Okazaki goal, the Leicester fans had been taunting the home supporters about this being like a library. Here's Fernandinho. Jesus. Jesper Schmeichel and the influence that Raheem Sterling had on him for that first goal, a big debating point of half-time, and whether Sterling's position really interfered with his thought process. Here's Klichy. Now Kevin De Bruyne. David Silva. Kicked in by Leroy Sané for Klichy. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Just as he was trying to thread it through to David Silva. Here's Okazaki. Mahrez. The referee let it run quite a while then before bringing it back for the challenge of Okazaki. The referee tried his best, but once Mahrez took a heavy touch he blew his whistle, did the right thing. FANS ROAR Ultimately steaming in above Ndidi, and here's Yaya Toure. Ndidi. Vardy trying to stretch that City defence, Klesha coming back at him. Oh, a ten for Albrighton, and a cleaner strike then, and Leicester could have been level. City are all over the place defensively, great pick from Vardy, great movement from Albrighton, just the contact on the volley not good enough. Here's Fernandinho. Sané with the lay-off, here's De Bruyne. Chilwell blocking the intended ball for Raheem Sterling. And making good progress. And he had to keep it, he realised Vardy would have been offside, and company for making the challenge on Chilwell, it's the first yellow card of the day. Really positive work from Chilwell, went past three or four players, and company simply couldn't let him go any further. There's an awful lot of contact, well, little if any, just maybe knee on knee. Really good play from Chilwell, but what a chance here, Jamie Vardy getting into space, decent ball in. Intention is there, picking out Albrighton, just knocks the ball down into the ground, he makes clean contact there. Caballero's got a problem. Yellow card then for Finster, and he's got a good shot. Finster and company. Fuchs' free kick. Markle, Brighton. Here's Fuchs. Ball in one half, Holmes' free kick. Far basura in four and two. Here's Ed Inglis. Alibaba has miss slept in his wrinkled hands towards Phil Lachy back at the bat again, the ball blocked, Dawes' free kick. Ty winning half staying in bounds and running eyes, as well. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS He's working very hard defensively, Albrighton helping out Chilwell. Staling does really well to open up the space to get the cross in. Is it arm, is it face? Well, it's clearly in the face. Look at his position, defensive position, working hard to help out so many wide players just to really stand and watch their full-backs and let them deal with it. Albrighton's back there, right place, right time. He's probably in the process of raising his arm to protect his face, but it didn't get there, and so the blood coming from the nose of Mark Albrighton now. Break for the City players while Albrighton is dealt with. So Pep Guardiola's got some decent back-up options. And of course with Jesus going up for quite a while, with injury and working his way back to full fitness, you probably feel that Aguero will replace him at some point. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Here's Chilba. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Long-angle ball from Schmeichel aimed at Jamie Vardy, who's taken him away from Fernandinho, and he gets the early ball in, but Leicester were lacking in numbers in there. Still a man light anyway because Albrighton is off the field. Here's Fuchs. Brighton is now back on. Otamendi. Benalewa, getting in front of Gabriel Jesus. Keane. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. He's chilled out. He's chilled out. Fuchs. Fuchs. It's not been the opening ten minutes of the second half that Pep Guardiola would have expected. After conceding, he wants to get on the ball and force the issue, get that all-important third goal. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. The point would be good enough to take Manchester City above Liverpool. They're playing tomorrow at West Ham. Here's Vardy. Here's Vardy. Here's Vardy. Okazaki. Okazaki. Mahrez. Mahrez. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. He's relieved to hear the referee's whistle. He's relieved to hear the referee's whistle. The ball was rolling as Christian Fuchs took the free kick. The ball was rolling as Christian Fuchs took the free kick. FANS ROAR Paul Brighton for the retake. Short after the set-up to Ben Chilwell. CHEERS Slid through to Okazaki, decent move for Leicester. Turned away in the end by Yoya Tore. Okazaki's causing so many problems, arriving from deep. That's how he scored his goal, and he breaks forward there. Chilwell again, positive play, great little lay-off, good movement from Okazaki. Leicester getting into a dangerous area. All Brighton with a corner. CHEERS Oh! Oh! Underneath it, they're looking for Caballero, who does get above Ndidi. Back in by Mahrez, away by Fernandinho. Manchester City unable to break, Otamendi looking to restart one. And then Yoya Tore finds David Silva. Left a bit short back for Jesus, and Wilfred Ndidi nipped it. But does give away the free kick. He's cut something of a full-on figure, Jesus, every time he's got on the ball he's been clattered into. Such a talented player, that is going to happen to him. He's going to be prepared for it. Maybe some 14-year-old Yoya Tore's junior that can hold back against his colleague with the quality of the ball to him. And took the first-half penalty off him too. CHEERS He's got the fourth away against Schalke, 안하고 في who is waiting for the shout-out, as almost like a This is the técnico, 상 Handson. Who is balling too late, often at the box and still hiding S guys at center-back. Of course it is,  Steffi Sanchez Yes, Sané. Silva. Time City just looking to force the issue here, looking to maybe take a few more extra passes, just a little bit more patient. Silva there, jabbing that ball forward, asking a lot of Sané, and they give possession away fairly cheaply. Jamie Vardy. Just that initial touch from Okazaki, saw that one break down. There's Toure. Now Kevin De Bruyne. Puts out by Ndidi. Good ball. More put in the second half for Manchester City than they might have expected. There's Leroy Sané. To Toure. A bit of time to bring on Sergio Aguero and maybe try and settle a few nerves. There's David Silva. Toure. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. Brighton looking for Jamie Vardy. It's away there by company to Clichy, and here's Yaya Toure. Pukes back to Chilwell. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. second-half spark there's Okazaki who brought Leicester back to life this is Simpson over the early ball to Riyad Mahrez which didn't come off Abiyero keen to get City going early Silva has plenty of options including Leroy Sané if he can pull it back will he get to pull it back further than that? Sané is moving that quickly he's got the time to have a look up and pull this ball back surely the City players are helping Sané here surely one's got to go into the six-yard box one has got to step out both of the players Sterling and Jesus hang out towards the penalty spot got to give him an option that was the point he was making two players in an area that he couldn't reach them here's Johan Benalouane Klichy Simpson's header De Bruyne Otamendi to Yaya Toure and escapes Kevin De Bruyne picked up by Albrighton for Chilwell trying to bend it round comfortably for Jamie Vardy Christian Fuchs Chilwell's been too happy with some of the close attention he's received the great thing about him is he's always willing to offer himself up for a forward pass play through the middle you are going to get clattered by centre-halters just part and parcel of the job here's Fernandinho Fernandinho Fernandinho De Bruyne Fernandinho trying to trick his way past Chilwell and Toure gets there good block from King Akizaki unable to enact an instant break stopped by De Bruyne and Hultingham has given away a free kick good header by Sanah Chow just one ball around Washley Calhoun switching away from foul Kapu,得is second half P皆さん Primoz greatide! And once more it's a facial injury. He's certainly been in the water with the cross, pulling the face. It's the elbow, it's not a swing, it's a raised elbow by Fernandinho. Not saying there's any malice in it, but very, very painful. It's a very, very painful. It's a very, very painful. Particularly unhappy with what happened to him there. A boxer's face now. He's not saying it's a swing, he's saying it's been closed down with a raised arm. It's really nasty, the arm comes up, and that's what Albrighton is unhappy about, there's no need for that. He does have a point. COUKING Ball given by Vardy back to Manchester City as Albrighton, still unhappy, will be hoping to take out his grievance on Manchester City in terms of a goal. He's had Leicester's best chance already in this second half, which he didn't take. off the ball there's a problem with Andy King and Leicester were obviously aware of that problem anyway and had already been planning to bring on Daniel Amati so Cougs day ends early feels like the City fans feel it was time wasting but time isn't Leicester's to waste so Daniel Amati who started the home victory against Manchester City back in December is on now for the final quarter of the game here's Okazaki now Albrighton with company having slipped still recovered well though Sterling pursued by Chilwell and now Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon who gets across the front and to win the tackle and here's Amati Amaris tackled by Nicolas Otamendi even with the disruptions Manchester City unable to get their momentum back now Beniluan De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne David Silva David Silva David Silva David Silva students students students David Silva David Silva Probably Maybe They're surrounded By God Daniil By God Some But What What To The What It's your turn to it for too long. Toure takes it away. A harsh clearance from Caballero which does fine, Kevin De Bruyne. Silva. Jesus. De Bruyne. Fernandinho. Here's Toure. Sané got a deflection on its way through. As the ball breaks in, indeed he should be doing a lot better. Should be taking the ball under Bruyne. Fuchs does really well here. Gets across, doesn't commit himself. Just gets in the way as Jesus looks to play the square pass. Helps on to Raheem Sterling who could be in here. The angle was always against him. But he has won a corner. He's got it. Christian Fuchs doing a good job. I think Benelawande does a really good job here. Going to ground more than anything else. Sterling gets it out of his feet. The centre half just goes to ground. Gives Sterling nothing to shoot at. Jesus once again gets a clattering. Sterling benefits. Benelawande does really well. The clash was with Christian Fuchs who got a... a yellow card. Mark Albrighton inevitably has asked the question of the referee that if that was worthy of a yellow card, why wasn't the... defence on him worth the booking? Got a couple of figures for the season in terms of yellow cards now. Christian Fuchs. And Jesus the player in the walls again. I just wonder Guardiola possibly thinking about putting Aguero on. 20 minutes to play. He's got a goal, Jesus. He's took a few knocks. Was it worth leaving him out there? Aguero who's on 31 goals for the season. Jesus who's got his fifth in 40 Premier League starts with that first half penalty. It's Leicester who look to be closer to making a change up front with Slimani about to come on. Inevitably will be Okazaki who's sacrificed. That seems the regular routine. But that change isn't going to take place it would seem before the corner which Jesus wants to come back on. Oh, it is going to take place. The Leicester change. Substitution for Leicester City. Coming off the little stretch. It should be Okazaki. He's placed by Mbappé. It's not Slimani. Slimani on for Okazaki. Jesus. Asking the question as to why he can't come back on. But of course it's a completely different scenario having been treated for an injury. De Bruyne has called that. And now Jesus can come back on. Quite sure what Pep Guardiola's got to complain about there. But he's complaining anyway. Quite forcibly. Toure. Here's David Silva. Clichy does have a go this time. And perish. away from one in the first half with Leicester making that change bringing on Slimani gives them much more of a front two now Vardy's got a partner Slimani is more of a finisher Okazaki certainly did his job brilliant goal playing that number 10 role much more of a front two Vardy and Slimani Slimani's opportunities have been limited really since the turn of the year he's made one start since New Year's Eve he's actually scored his last two starts for Leicester this team still within reach of the comeback yes Fernandinho company Torre by Amati Albrighton Daniel Amati there's Benalua Amati Simpson Almeida N'Zi Rabid Almeida Benalua trying to set Wilfrid Ndidi away to make his team header clear this is Moraes always gone down in the area from Klichy's challenge it is a penalty and Klichy will be kicking himself for that that's where the Benalua challenge defenders know when they've given penalties away no control of the ball Penalty by Benalua No complaints from Klesie, but it all stems from Otamendi, a really poor defensive header, could have headed it out of play, kept it alive, Leicester regain possession. If Leicester can get Mahrez and Albrighton heavily involved in the game, things can change, that is a really poor challenge from Klesie. And the referee, no choice. At the same end where Gabriel Jesus scored a penalty to give Manchester City a seemingly unassailable lead, Riyad Mahrez could strike to draw Leicester level. Five of his ten goals this season have been penalties, but he has missed this season against Swansea. Mahrez against Caballero. And Leicester have come back from 2-0 down. Or have they? Maybe it struck his standing foot. It looks that way from what the referee is indicating to him, that he got two touches on its way through and it won't count. He actually slips, Mahrez, as he addresses the ball. You see Caballero's reaction, he knows what's happened here. He slips as he approaches the ball. And there is two touches, that is a brilliant piece of referee to spot that. Excellent spot from Bobby Manley. I remember seeing... I think he was going to say, he's got a penalty like that, counting a League Cup final from Bolo's end at once. But that's a really disappointing scenario for Craig Shakespeare, but the referee absolutely right. You have to be really sharp to spot things like this. It was an incredible spot, maybe. If the officials weren't taking as much notice as they were, he could have got away with that, Mahrez probably thinks he has. Guardiola knows what's happened. Subtitles by Red Bee, www.redbee.co.uk Subtitles by Red Bee Media That left-hand side, Sane on the right, Aguero through the middle. Really unusual scenario, that, with Riyad Mahrez. The one that he's got no cause for complaint about. He's got a good shot. Fernandinho. Well, that has got history in it, Albrighton and Fernandinho. I think that goes back to the swelling on Albrighton's eye. It's all about payback and opportunity to leave something on an opponent that's left something on you. Who knows, he's not going to get to the ball here, Albrighton, just goes straight through his man. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. It's his last act, Mark Albrighton. Straight after the yellow card, he's replaced by Damary Gray. Ten minutes left. Leicester have had their chances in this second half. Albrighton spurned one of them, though the big one that's got away is the two-touch penalty from Riyad Mahrez. Two-touch. It's still a game where the outcome is in doubt. So they're pursuing Amati, run back for Sané, De Bruyne looking to get in here, Chilwell gets across the front of him, and the free kick is given. Looks like Chilwell makes the very most of this. Some contacts on him to send him to the ground. Well, there isn't. Just throws himself a free-fall for it. There's been another come-together between De Bruyne and Chilwell, from which Chilwell has got another free kick. There's Fuchs. Mahrez. Another one. Chilwell. And the risk-pack applied to the swelling on the eye now of Mark Albrighton, just as Manchester City prepare him to make a another change. Pablo Zabaleta, another survivor of that memorable day against Queens Parc Rangers five years ago. He's going to come on for Kevin De Bruyne. Zabaleta, another one of those like Clichy, like Yaya Toure, whose future is in doubt with his contract up this summer. Pep Guardiola says decisions have already been taken, but will not be announced until the final game has been played. Here's Fernandinho. Jesus. Sergio Aguero. Aguero trying to dance his way through, stopped in the end by Ben Chilwell. He's got such a low centre of gravity, the way he can manipulate that ball, pass defenders is quite extraordinary. We saw it with the famous goal he scored against Queens Parc Rangers. Ben Alouane has no idea where he is. This corner. Back in again from Silva, and he scored a stunning goal last week. He'll have to find a more routine one then. He's not an easy header, there's a lot of pace on the ball. He's just trying to glance this goal. He's trying to get over this. A bit more power in it than he actually needs. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Here's Simpson. Here's Zabaleta. Hooks up against Fernandinho, forced to retreat. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE Up the ice coaster . Eles Positive leb Marti, with Joujou applying the squeeze. Mahrez. And by Clichy. Marti. Goal! Riyad Mahrez. Sliding it through for Simpson, Vardy! It's a very difficult chance for Jamie Vardy, he's well past the near post, trying to flick this goal. That's what they're doing for England against Germany. That's a difficult chance, the ball is really fizzed at him as well. Token gesture from Jesus. Some ball in from Simpson, that's a difficult chance for Vardy. Great piece of improvisation from Jamie Vardy. Retaken. That's a very difficult shot. It's all right. Agüero. Zabaleta. David, David! Here's Otamendi. Silva. That's Fernandinho. I think Fernandinho's been everywhere today, he's won a free kick for that challenge on him. Yeah. A swimming waiting all-time again for Miles Melo. A steepemployed Florida player. And we're Live at Spotify there, looking after a ACL étude to keep ourselves updated on our foot. Better than usual, he loves fot's his foot. A침 لن portfol It's not been a scintillating performance from City, Vardy, always touched, is great. Danny Simpson. Vardy's got Slomani in the middle. A corner given. That's a man we feel like came off Vardy last. I just wonder what this ball did. Cannon off Jamie Vardy. Good fortune possibly for Leicester. Ries, who had bad fortune with the penalty, is going to take this corner kick. It's Kompany who rises to just ease the pressure for Manchester City, or close to a necessary victory. Vardy. Must still be a nervous wait, to see out that success. Chilwell's ball in. Cleared by Yaya Toure. Laid off by Ndidi for Daniel Amati. Mahrez has to try and escape. Jesus to deliver with a cross. It's Silva who gets a cross. Leicester still giving it a real go until Amati puts it out. And it's a great job by Ndidi. The ball goes in. And it's a great job by Ndidi. And it's a great job by Ndidi. And it's a great job by Ndidi. Significant couple of hold-ups in particular for Mark Albrighton. No, no. No. No. So it may not be as close to the victory as Pep Guardiola possibly thinks. I heard it. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. That's Amendi away. Straight to Wilfred and Ndidi. That's Amendi after the head of the Deputist team under pressure had to put his body on the line. Amati. And by Klishi to Yaya Toure. Couldn't keep it in. And there will be seven added minutes. So it is going to be a nervous finale here. For the home fans. And Amendi has gone down as well. Seven minutes. All the fans are screaming. Amendi to leave that forward ball from Schmeichel. No communication to him out on the field. With not one but two Manchester City players down. There will be more time added on. He's a wonderful defensive header. Redeems himself, he's really brave. Throws himself in the line of fire and gets a knee to the face. Well, he's down and so too is Gabriel Jesus as well. Gael Klishi was relieved at the Mahrez mishap. That was a really poor challenge here from Gael Klishi. Question marks about whether it is a penalty or not. The way he actually falls and how far into the penalty area he falls probably makes the referee's mind up. It is a debatable one. Maybe justice was done. And he slips. Takes two touches. All ends up in the back of the net but doesn't count. And Jairro straight away. Went to the referee. And he wiped the smile off Riyad Mahrez's face when he realised that it was not going to count. And he's out of the pitch. That's a nice one. A little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a really good to one. Don Marling Bolivar. back there now as Aguero finds David Silva and then they weren't quite on the same wavelength for the return so many times in the second half that final pass from six has been really poor which is not like them at all another one has stayed forward here as Leicester chase the equalizers Le Marni's got Vardy in the box and Mahrez and Gray as well but he couldn't pick any of them out Yaya Toure, Mahrez chasing it as he finds Gabriel Jesus now Aguero takes over another hold up and with this substitution we're probably looking at about 10 minutes of stoppage time now this latest change we'll see Jesus come off to be replaced by Jesus Navas who in recent times has made himself useful as a right back to Manchester City Jesus has got his goal today from the penalty spot Navas who hasn't scored in his last 101 Premier League games there's another switch for Sané as well who went from right to left so he's been backwards and forwards play down both flags on the right in front of Pablo Zabaleta here is Sané no kick nr Stephens he finale Baghe schon so solid here's Mares and It masking theे he's known as an they get the seconds he scores then Magu П diabetic he's nada mingх and it's his goal kick. City will certainly be thankful for that, just running the clock down now. They've been very nervous in this second half, but credit great Shakespeare and Leicester, they've taken the game to City. That slip from Mahrez, he's taken a point away, but with a few more minutes left to play, the team in the ascendancy. It's a reminder that even though the clock is showing seven minutes of stoppage time, it's likely to be about nine or ten, because of the hold-up with Otamendi's injury and the further substitution in this period of stoppage time. Amati. Gray. Long one for Christian Fuchs out towards Mahrez. Cleared for now by Clichy. Fuchs unable to keep it in. If it is to be a win, it will have been a hard-fought one for Pep Guardiola's side. But it's a win for City. Two games left. West Brom to come. Watford away. To try and secure their place in the Champions League again next season. That's better. He's pulled back there by Chilwell, but he's not getting much sympathy. He's got a great game. Kevin Lewand seems to fancy his chances of scoring a goal, and they've taken the throw in short, and it's plopped in there towards Ndidi. Cavaliero could flap at it somewhat, but he was impeded in the referee's view, and he's bringing a blow to the ribs. At least he was positive, Cavaliero, coming off his line. His defenders couldn't deal with it. It was too much flight on the ball. Had to be brave. The famous punch you've ever seen. It's caught by Ndidi, the referee right to blow up. He puts it in the wing, as informed. Nice dodge by Alonso. ADAM, you were away five minutes. You You stirred the unobserved He was one aside from는데요 the crazy summer He was in the limelight in the straight He was brutal. I solved it as I was I took him. and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver seniedy And Caballero relieved to get hands to that. Chilwell trying to keep the pressure up. Demaree Gray looking for a walkthrough and with the goal unguarded, Kansas City break, Kompany looks for Navas, who's been