but they do need the win to hold off the coming threat of Arsenal still the outside threat of Manchester United even though Jose Mourinho has written off their hopes of qualifying through the domestic route for the Champions League but a win with two games left would make Manchester City's position look increasingly secure Here's Wilfred and Didi trying to set Jamie Vardy away. And Nicolas Otamendi fortunate with his slip that the ball then carried out away from danger from Vardy. That's good cover initially from Otamendi, because Vincent Kumpere gets caught underneath the ball, doesn't appreciate the run of Vardy. He should be so aware of that as centre-halves against Vardy. He was looking to get in between him behind. Of course, City played with three centre-halves in the away game against Leicester, an experiment that was quickly abandoned as the game slipped rapidly away from them. It was only late in the game that they struck back with their two consolation goals. Fuchs' long throw there, dealt with, but only to Albrighton. It was a great strike that has given Leicester an opportunity in this match, the first game that Okazaki has scored for since Craig Shakespeare took over. Here's Gabriel Jesus. Gets away from Danny Simpson. He's very quiet about the Yeti hat, whether that's nervousness or just the atmosphere of late season, I'm not sure. I think it's that Okazaki goal, because City were cruising it at 2-0, if they'd gone in at 2-0 at half-time, it would have been a bit of a procession in the second half, but Leicester getting the goal back, that's why the City fans were a bit nervous, but it makes for a very open second half, both sides are clearly going to go for the... They're going to go for the goal, so it'll make a big difference to how their season ends up. Even before the Okazaki goal, the Leicester fans had been taunting the home supporters about this being like a library. Here's Fernandinho. Jesus. Jesper Schmeichel and the influence that Raheem Sterling had on him for that first goal, a big debating point of half-time, and whether Sterling's position really interfered with his thought process. Here's Klichy. Now Kevin De Bruyne. David Silva. Kicked in by Leroy Sané for Klichy. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Kicked in by Sané. Just as he was trying to thread it through to David Silva. Here's Okazaki. Mahrez. The referee let it run quite a while then before bringing it back for the challenge of Okazaki. The referee tried his best, but once Mahrez took a heavy touch he blew his whistle, did the right thing. FANS ROAR Ultimately steaming in above Ndidi, and here's Yaya Toure. Ndidi. Vardy trying to stretch that City defence, Klesha coming back at him. Oh, a ten for Albrighton, and a cleaner strike then, and Leicester could have been level. City are all over the place defensively, great pick from Vardy, great movement from Albrighton, just the contact on the volley not good enough. Here's Fernandinho. Sané with the lay-off, here's De Bruyne. Chilwell blocking the intended ball for Raheem Sterling. And making good progress. And he had to keep it, he realised Vardy would have been offside, and company for making the challenge on Chilwell, it's the first yellow card of the day. Really positive work from Chilwell, went past three or four players, and company simply couldn't let him go any further. There's an awful lot of contact, well, little if any, just maybe knee on knee. Really good play from Chilwell, but what a chance here, Jamie Vardy getting into space, decent ball in. Intention is there, picking out Albrighton, just knocks the ball down into the ground, he makes clean contact there. Caballero's got a problem. Yellow card then for Finster, and he's got a good shot. Finster and company. Fuchs' free kick. Markle, Brighton. Here's Fuchs. Ball in one half, Holmes' free kick. Far basura in four and two. Here's Ed Inglis. Alibaba has miss slept in his wrinkled hands towards Phil Lachy back at the bat again, the ball blocked, Dawes' free kick. Ty winning half staying in bounds and running eyes, as well. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS He's working very hard defensively, Albrighton helping out Chilwell. Staling does really well to open up the space to get the cross in. Is it arm, is it face? Well, it's clearly in the face. Look at his position, defensive position, working hard to help out so many wide players just to really stand and watch their full-backs and let them deal with it. Albrighton's back there, right place, right time. He's probably in the process of raising his arm to protect his face, but it didn't get there, and so the blood coming from the nose of Mark Albrighton now. Break for the City players while Albrighton is dealt with. So Pep Guardiola's got some decent back-up options. And of course with Jesus going up for quite a while, with injury and working his way back to full fitness, you probably feel that Aguero will replace him at some point. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Here's Chilba. FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Long-angle ball from Schmeichel aimed at Jamie Vardy, who's taken him away from Fernandinho, and he gets the early ball in, but Leicester were lacking in numbers in there. Still a man light anyway because Albrighton is off the field. Here's Fuchs. Brighton is now back on. Otamendi. Benalewa, getting in front of Gabriel Jesus. Keane. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. Fuchs, who's cool under pressure. He's chilled out. He's chilled out. Fuchs. Fuchs. It's not been the opening ten minutes of the second half that Pep Guardiola would have expected. After conceding, he wants to get on the ball and force the issue, get that all-important third goal. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. It hasn't happened. The point would be good enough to take Manchester City above Liverpool. They're playing tomorrow at West Ham. Here's Vardy. Here's Vardy. Here's Vardy. Okazaki. Okazaki. Mahrez. Mahrez. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. He's relieved to hear the referee's whistle. He's relieved to hear the referee's whistle. The ball was rolling as Christian Fuchs took the free kick. The ball was rolling as Christian Fuchs took the free kick. FANS ROAR Paul Brighton for the retake. Short after the set-up to Ben Chilwell. CHEERS Slid through to Okazaki, decent move for Leicester. Turned away in the end by Yoya Tore. Okazaki's causing so many problems, arriving from deep. That's how he scored his goal, and he breaks forward there. Chilwell again, positive play, great little lay-off, good movement from Okazaki. Leicester getting into a dangerous area. All Brighton with a corner. CHEERS Oh! Oh! Underneath it, they're looking for Caballero, who does get above Ndidi. Back in by Mahrez, away by Fernandinho. Manchester City unable to break, Otamendi looking to restart one. And then Yoya Tore finds David Silva. Left a bit short back for Jesus, and Wilfred Ndidi nipped it. But does give away the free kick. He's cut something of a full-on figure, Jesus, every time he's got on the ball he's been clattered into. Such a talented player, that is going to happen to him. He's going to be prepared for it. Maybe some 14-year-old Yoya Tore's junior that can hold back against his colleague with the quality of the ball to him. And took the first-half penalty off him too. CHEERS He's got the fourth away against Schalke, 안하고 في who is waiting for the shout-out, as almost like a This is the técnico, 상 Handson. Who is balling too late, often at the box and still hiding S guys at center-back. Of course it is,  Steffi Sanchez Yes, Sané. Silva. Time City just looking to force the issue here, looking to maybe take a few more extra passes, just a little bit more patient. Silva there, jabbing that ball forward, asking a lot of Sané, and they give possession away fairly cheaply. Jamie Vardy. Just that initial touch from Okazaki, saw that one break down. There's Toure. Now Kevin De Bruyne. Puts out by Ndidi. Good ball. More put in the second half for Manchester City than they might have expected. There's Leroy Sané. To Toure. A bit of time to bring on Sergio Aguero and maybe try and settle a few nerves. There's David Silva. Toure. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. Brighton looking for Jamie Vardy. It's away there by company to Clichy, and here's Yaya Toure. Pukes back to Chilwell. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. second-half spark there's Okazaki who brought Leicester back to life this is Simpson over the early ball to Riyad Mahrez which didn't come off Abiyero keen to get City going early Silva has plenty of options including Leroy Sané if he can pull it back will he get to pull it back further than that? Sané is moving that quickly he's got the time to have a look up and pull this ball back surely the City players are helping Sané here surely one's got to go into the six-yard box one has got to step out both of the players Sterling and Jesus hang out towards the penalty spot got to give him an option that was the point he was making two players in an area that he couldn't reach them here's Johan Benalouane Klichy Simpson's header De Bruyne Otamendi to Yaya Toure and escapes Kevin De Bruyne picked up by Albrighton for Chilwell trying to bend it round comfortably for Jamie Vardy Christian Fuchs Chilwell's been too happy with some of the close attention he's received the great thing about him is he's always willing to offer himself up for a forward pass play through the middle you are going to get clattered by centre-halters just part and parcel of the job here's Fernandinho Fernandinho Fernandinho De Bruyne Fernandinho trying to trick his way past Chilwell and Toure gets there good block from King Akizaki unable to enact an instant break stopped by De Bruyne and Hultingham has given away a free kick good header by Sanah Chow just one ball around Washley Calhoun switching away from foul Kapu,得is second half P皆さん Primoz greatide! And once more it's a facial injury. He's certainly been in the water with the cross, pulling the face. It's the elbow, it's not a swing, it's a raised elbow by Fernandinho. Not saying there's any malice in it, but very, very painful. It's a very, very painful. It's a very, very painful. Particularly unhappy with what happened to him there. A boxer's face now. He's not saying it's a swing, he's saying it's been closed down with a raised arm. It's really nasty, the arm comes up, and that's what Albrighton is unhappy about, there's no need for that. He does have a point. COUKING Ball given by Vardy back to Manchester City as Albrighton, still unhappy, will be hoping to take out his grievance on Manchester City in terms of a goal. He's had Leicester's best chance already in this second half, which he didn't take. off the ball there's a problem with Andy King and Leicester were obviously aware of that problem anyway and had already been planning to bring on Daniel Amati so Cougs day ends early feels like the City fans feel it was time wasting but time isn't Leicester's to waste so Daniel Amati who started the home victory against Manchester City back in December is on now for the final quarter of the game here's Okazaki now Albrighton with company having slipped still recovered well though Sterling pursued by Chilwell and now Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon Sturgeon who gets across the front and to win the tackle and here's Amati Amaris tackled by Nicolas Otamendi even with the disruptions Manchester City unable to get their momentum back now Beniluan De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne David Silva David Silva David Silva David Silva students students students David Silva David Silva Probably Maybe They're surrounded By God Daniil By God Some But What What To The What It's your turn to it for too long. Toure takes it away. A harsh clearance from Caballero which does fine, Kevin De Bruyne. Silva. Jesus. De Bruyne. Fernandinho. Here's Toure. Sané got a deflection on its way through. As the ball breaks in, indeed he should be doing a lot better. Should be taking the ball under Bruyne. Fuchs does really well here. Gets across, doesn't commit himself. Just gets in the way as Jesus looks to play the square pass. Helps on to Raheem Sterling who could be in here. The angle was always against him. But he has won a corner. He's got it. Christian Fuchs doing a good job. I think Benelawande does a really good job here. Going to ground more than anything else. Sterling gets it out of his feet. The centre half just goes to ground. Gives Sterling nothing to shoot at. Jesus once again gets a clattering. Sterling benefits. Benelawande does really well. The clash was with Christian Fuchs who got a... a yellow card. Mark Albrighton inevitably has asked the question of the referee that if that was worthy of a yellow card, why wasn't the... defence on him worth the booking? Got a couple of figures for the season in terms of yellow cards now. Christian Fuchs. And Jesus the player in the walls again. I just wonder Guardiola possibly thinking about putting Aguero on. 20 minutes to play. He's got a goal, Jesus. He's took a few knocks. Was it worth leaving him out there? Aguero who's on 31 goals for the season. Jesus who's got his fifth in 40 Premier League starts with that first half penalty. It's Leicester who look to be closer to making a change up front with Slimani about to come on. Inevitably will be Okazaki who's sacrificed. That seems the regular routine. But that change isn't going to take place it would seem before the corner which Jesus wants to come back on. Oh, it is going to take place. The Leicester change. Substitution for Leicester City. Coming off the little stretch. It should be Okazaki. He's placed by Mbappé. It's not Slimani. Slimani on for Okazaki. Jesus. Asking the question as to why he can't come back on. But of course it's a completely different scenario having been treated for an injury. De Bruyne has called that. And now Jesus can come back on. Quite sure what Pep Guardiola's got to complain about there. But he's complaining anyway. Quite forcibly. Toure. Here's David Silva. Clichy does have a go this time. And perish. away from one in the first half with Leicester making that change bringing on Slimani gives them much more of a front two now Vardy's got a partner Slimani is more of a finisher Okazaki certainly did his job brilliant goal playing that number 10 role much more of a front two Vardy and Slimani Slimani's opportunities have been limited really since the turn of the year he's made one start since New Year's Eve he's actually scored his last two starts for Leicester this team still within reach of the comeback yes Fernandinho company Torre by Amati Albrighton Daniel Amati there's Benalua Amati Simpson Almeida N'Zi Rabid Almeida Benalua trying to set Wilfrid Ndidi away to make his team header clear this is Moraes always gone down in the area from Klichy's challenge it is a penalty and Klichy will be kicking himself for that that's where the Benalua challenge defenders know when they've given penalties away no control of the ball Penalty by Benalua No complaints from Klesie, but it all stems from Otamendi, a really poor defensive header, could have headed it out of play, kept it alive, Leicester regain possession. If Leicester can get Mahrez and Albrighton heavily involved in the game, things can change, that is a really poor challenge from Klesie. And the referee, no choice. At the same end where Gabriel Jesus scored a penalty to give Manchester City a seemingly unassailable lead, Riyad Mahrez could strike to draw Leicester level. Five of his ten goals this season have been penalties, but he has missed this season against Swansea. Mahrez against Caballero. And Leicester have come back from 2-0 down. Or have they? Maybe it struck his standing foot. It looks that way from what the referee is indicating to him, that he got two touches on its way through and it won't count. He actually slips, Mahrez, as he addresses the ball. You see Caballero's reaction, he knows what's happened here. He slips as he approaches the ball. And there is two touches, that is a brilliant piece of referee to spot that. Excellent spot from Bobby Manley. I remember seeing... I think he was going to say, he's got a penalty like that, counting a League Cup final from Bolo's end at once. But that's a really disappointing scenario for Craig Shakespeare, but the referee absolutely right. You have to be really sharp to spot things like this. It was an incredible spot, maybe. If the officials weren't taking as much notice as they were, he could have got away with that, Mahrez probably thinks he has. Guardiola knows what's happened. Subtitles by Red Bee, www.redbee.co.uk Subtitles by Red Bee Media That left-hand side, Sane on the right, Aguero through the middle. Really unusual scenario, that, with Riyad Mahrez. The one that he's got no cause for complaint about. He's got a good shot. Fernandinho. Well, that has got history in it, Albrighton and Fernandinho. I think that goes back to the swelling on Albrighton's eye. It's all about payback and opportunity to leave something on an opponent that's left something on you. Who knows, he's not going to get to the ball here, Albrighton, just goes straight through his man. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. It's his last act, Mark Albrighton. Straight after the yellow card, he's replaced by Damary Gray. Ten minutes left. Leicester have had their chances in this second half. Albrighton spurned one of them, though the big one that's got away is the two-touch penalty from Riyad Mahrez. Two-touch. It's still a game where the outcome is in doubt. So they're pursuing Amati, run back for Sané, De Bruyne looking to get in here, Chilwell gets across the front of him, and the free kick is given. Looks like Chilwell makes the very most of this. Some contacts on him to send him to the ground. Well, there isn't. Just throws himself a free-fall for it. There's been another come-together between De Bruyne and Chilwell, from which Chilwell has got another free kick. There's Fuchs. Mahrez. Another one. Chilwell. And the risk-pack applied to the swelling on the eye now of Mark Albrighton, just as Manchester City prepare him to make a another change. Pablo Zabaleta, another survivor of that memorable day against Queens Parc Rangers five years ago. He's going to come on for Kevin De Bruyne. Zabaleta, another one of those like Clichy, like Yaya Toure, whose future is in doubt with his contract up this summer. Pep Guardiola says decisions have already been taken, but will not be announced until the final game has been played. Here's Fernandinho. Jesus. Sergio Aguero. Aguero trying to dance his way through, stopped in the end by Ben Chilwell. He's got such a low centre of gravity, the way he can manipulate that ball, pass defenders is quite extraordinary. We saw it with the famous goal he scored against Queens Parc Rangers. Ben Alouane has no idea where he is. This corner. Back in again from Silva, and he scored a stunning goal last week. He'll have to find a more routine one then. He's not an easy header, there's a lot of pace on the ball. He's just trying to glance this goal. He's trying to get over this. A bit more power in it than he actually needs. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Here's Simpson. Here's Zabaleta. Hooks up against Fernandinho, forced to retreat. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE Up the ice coaster . Eles Positive leb Marti, with Joujou applying the squeeze. Mahrez. And by Clichy. Marti. Goal! Riyad Mahrez. Sliding it through for Simpson, Vardy! It's a very difficult chance for Jamie Vardy, he's well past the near post, trying to flick this goal. That's what they're doing for England against Germany. That's a difficult chance, the ball is really fizzed at him as well. Token gesture from Jesus. Some ball in from Simpson, that's a difficult chance for Vardy. Great piece of improvisation from Jamie Vardy. Retaken. That's a very difficult shot. It's all right. Agüero. Zabaleta. David, David! Here's Otamendi. Silva. That's Fernandinho. I think Fernandinho's been everywhere today, he's won a free kick for that challenge on him. Yeah. A swimming waiting all-time again for Miles Melo. A steepemployed Florida player. And we're Live at Spotify there, looking after a ACL étude to keep ourselves updated on our foot. Better than usual, he loves fot's his foot. A침 لن portfol It's not been a scintillating performance from City, Vardy, always touched, is great. Danny Simpson. Vardy's got Slomani in the middle. A corner given. That's a man we feel like came off Vardy last. I just wonder what this ball did. Cannon off Jamie Vardy. Good fortune possibly for Leicester. Ries, who had bad fortune with the penalty, is going to take this corner kick. It's Kompany who rises to just ease the pressure for Manchester City, or close to a necessary victory. Vardy. Must still be a nervous wait, to see out that success. Chilwell's ball in. Cleared by Yaya Toure. Laid off by Ndidi for Daniel Amati. Mahrez has to try and escape. Jesus to deliver with a cross. It's Silva who gets a cross. Leicester still giving it a real go until Amati puts it out. And it's a great job by Ndidi. The ball goes in. And it's a great job by Ndidi. And it's a great job by Ndidi. And it's a great job by Ndidi. Significant couple of hold-ups in particular for Mark Albrighton. No, no. No. No. So it may not be as close to the victory as Pep Guardiola possibly thinks. I heard it. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. That's Amendi away. Straight to Wilfred and Ndidi. That's Amendi after the head of the Deputist team under pressure had to put his body on the line. Amati. And by Klishi to Yaya Toure. Couldn't keep it in. And there will be seven added minutes. So it is going to be a nervous finale here. For the home fans. And Amendi has gone down as well. Seven minutes. All the fans are screaming. Amendi to leave that forward ball from Schmeichel. No communication to him out on the field. With not one but two Manchester City players down. There will be more time added on. He's a wonderful defensive header. Redeems himself, he's really brave. Throws himself in the line of fire and gets a knee to the face. Well, he's down and so too is Gabriel Jesus as well. Gael Klishi was relieved at the Mahrez mishap. That was a really poor challenge here from Gael Klishi. Question marks about whether it is a penalty or not. The way he actually falls and how far into the penalty area he falls probably makes the referee's mind up. It is a debatable one. Maybe justice was done. And he slips. Takes two touches. All ends up in the back of the net but doesn't count. And Jairro straight away. Went to the referee. And he wiped the smile off Riyad Mahrez's face when he realised that it was not going to count. And he's out of the pitch. That's a nice one. A little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a really good to one. Don Marling Bolivar. back there now as Aguero finds David Silva and then they weren't quite on the same wavelength for the return so many times in the second half that final pass from six has been really poor which is not like them at all another one has stayed forward here as Leicester chase the equalizers Le Marni's got Vardy in the box and Mahrez and Gray as well but he couldn't pick any of them out Yaya Toure, Mahrez chasing it as he finds Gabriel Jesus now Aguero takes over another hold up and with this substitution we're probably looking at about 10 minutes of stoppage time now this latest change we'll see Jesus come off to be replaced by Jesus Navas who in recent times has made himself useful as a right back to Manchester City Jesus has got his goal today from the penalty spot Navas who hasn't scored in his last 101 Premier League games there's another switch for Sané as well who went from right to left so he's been backwards and forwards play down both flags on the right in front of Pablo Zabaleta here is Sané no kick nr Stephens he finale Baghe schon so solid here's Mares and It masking theे he's known as an they get the seconds he scores then Magu П diabetic he's nada mingх and it's his goal kick. City will certainly be thankful for that, just running the clock down now. They've been very nervous in this second half, but credit great Shakespeare and Leicester, they've taken the game to City. That slip from Mahrez, he's taken a point away, but with a few more minutes left to play, the team in the ascendancy. It's a reminder that even though the clock is showing seven minutes of stoppage time, it's likely to be about nine or ten, because of the hold-up with Otamendi's injury and the further substitution in this period of stoppage time. Amati. Gray. Long one for Christian Fuchs out towards Mahrez. Cleared for now by Clichy. Fuchs unable to keep it in. If it is to be a win, it will have been a hard-fought one for Pep Guardiola's side. But it's a win for City. Two games left. West Brom to come. Watford away. To try and secure their place in the Champions League again next season. That's better. He's pulled back there by Chilwell, but he's not getting much sympathy. He's got a great game. Kevin Lewand seems to fancy his chances of scoring a goal, and they've taken the throw in short, and it's plopped in there towards Ndidi. Cavaliero could flap at it somewhat, but he was impeded in the referee's view, and he's bringing a blow to the ribs. At least he was positive, Cavaliero, coming off his line. His defenders couldn't deal with it. It was too much flight on the ball. Had to be brave. The famous punch you've ever seen. It's caught by Ndidi, the referee right to blow up. He puts it in the wing, as informed. Nice dodge by Alonso. ADAM, you were away five minutes. You You stirred the unobserved He was one aside from는데요 the crazy summer He was in the limelight in the straight He was brutal. I solved it as I was I took him. and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver and the yellow card for Silver seniedy And Caballero relieved to get hands to that. Chilwell trying to keep the pressure up. Demaree Gray looking for a walkthrough and with the goal unguarded, Kansas City break, Kompany looks for Navas, who's been seeded them Chelsea so they come here as fallen champions but bearing in mind where they were in the table when Craig Shakespeare took over an eighth place finish which is a possibility now will actually represent quite an improvement from Leicester from where they were between them these teams have been champions three times in the last five years Danny Simpson feeding it forward and here's Nicholas Otamendi looking for Yaya Toure who may be 34 today but the cake can wait till the end of the game here's Mahrez Chilwell has got forward as he is liable to do left a little behind Markle Brighton it was always the possibility today Andy that Leicester could have gone with three at the back they've only done it once and it didn't work out for them against Chelsea and Heupen so the way things have started it does look as though they have settled into a back four it's been a positive start on short Craig Shakespeare will watch the Palace game Sam Aladai starting with five at the back was they conceded after a minute and a half so they had to change their plan so sure Craig thought about it but 4-4-1-1 really is the Leicester way but Danny Simpson really pointed the way forward before the game they've got to be aggressive be on the front foot you sit back and admire City they will they'll tear you apart 4-2 Leicester win that they managed over Manchester City back in December was one of the rare high spots of the Claudio Ranieri reign this season thought that they'd possibly turn the corner but when it was evident that they happened by the February defeat against Swansea that's when the change was made since then Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Craig Shakespeare than they'd managed in 25 under Ranieri's time. Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Craig Shakespeare than they've managed in 25 under Ranieri's time. Leicester have picked up one point more in ten matches under Ranieri's time. this seems to be the attitude the Leicester players is what's changed the personnel they pretty much the same under Ranieri the formation stayed the same it's just the application the appetite of these Leicester players has completely changed since Ranieri left which is of course not positive David Silda just leaving it behind of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the of course Manchester City have had a real season of underachievement in which they will finish empty-handed in terms of trophies the champions league placing wall that they've left to go champions league placing wall that they've left to go for now but that is crucial to them Leroy Sané puts the man who's going to fill the vacancy left by hoops injury there's really good defensive cover by Fuchs stepping in of course from left back to play on the left hand side of that central defensive partnership with with Sané and Sterling down the flanks of City could be a long afternoon for with Sané and Sterling down the flanks for City could be a long afternoon for Simpson and Chilwell who scored his first goal of the season last week against Crystal Palace is in there looking to get on the end of this it went beyond him to Fernandinho whose header was wide well if he keeps this on target it's 1-0 City just seems to be slightly ahead of the ball but defensively from a Leicester perspective far too easy Fernandinho gets away from Danny Simpson he's goal side of him initially but let's say Fernandinho get beyond him it's just really a clumsy header you see he's away from Simpson keeps this on target it's 1-0 we did make that early breakthrough against Crystal Palace here with David Silva's 50th goal for Manchester City early goals were the order of the day when the signs went earlier in the season City finding themselves two down in the first five minutes there we could have had an early breakthrough there without opening for Fernandinho here's Otamendi now Clichy given away to Danny Simpson and this is Okazaki trying to set Vardy away and he has got away from Otamendi but can't generate any power behind the shot his movement is excellent the angle is against him completely mistimes his shot as well but this is what we'd be looking to do get in between Kompany and Otamendi the City full-backs invariably push on sometimes Vardy with his pace he will get beyond the two centre-halves here's Kompany now Sterling to Fernandinho Kevin de Bruyne helping it back to Raheem Sterling king in pursuit Manchester City haven't beaten Leicester in the last three meetings they've lost each of the last two and they will be very wary of the kind of form that Arsenal are showing just behind them in a bid to steal the ball and they will be very wary of the kind of form that Arsenal are showing just behind them in a bid to steal the ball one of the Champions League places Fernandinho Picking out Sané here's Clichy De Bruyne made the run into the box Old boy trying to help out defensively there against Gabriel Jesus sorry Paul for the two Leicester centre-halves Beniluan and Fuchs to be aware of the movement around them Paul watching against City are in big trouble Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball Beniluan does really well here as he sees that the Bruynes looking to get in behind him just gets that in by the ball It's the kind of play heart-to-heart, in this kind of similar clowns style, see that a really important touch on the ball those two Centre-Halves more than anybody not but back four my have to be aware of that midfield movement from De Bruyne around Silva has to be aware of that midfield movement from De Bruyne around Silva dressing transformation in the season of your head Bend the one who earlier in the campaign was playing for the other 23 is in a check-line under 23 is in a check-line Chelsea defeated Agricolt portfol and suddenly in the second half of the campaign had found himself projected it's the first team squad all and suddenly in the second half of the campaign had found himself projected it's the first team squad all All but Guardiola has suffered six league defeats in a campaign for the first time in his career as a head coach. But also drawn matches have seen many vital points spill away in terms of a concerted title bid. There's Klesi, a company who's been a reassuring presence since his return. There's Raheem Sterling, trying to give Chilwell the slip. Albrighton back to help out the young full-back. It's so important that Mark Albrighton and Fiyad Mahrez track back, help out their full-backs as well. We'll see this from the wide players from City. Sterling driving infield to encourage Mbappé Fernandinho to get forward from right back. It's just a clumsy challenge in the end. De Bruyne has bent one round brilliantly and it was inches away from Jesus. What a searching ball. So many of De Bruyne's forward passes are just encouraging people to move on to them. He's not waiting for the player to move, he plays the ball expecting his teammates to get into the path of the ball. So wonderfully bending ball in. And Jesus not that far away. Balling for Leicester as if they needed it and the creativity that De Bruyne can support it. And that's the end of the line. Chilwell there being held off by Fernandinho but he made good strides there in Leicester Youngster. Positive play from Chilwell. We're going to see this from Simpson as well. It's so important when those two Leicester full-backs go forward that Ndidi and King, the two central midfielders, sit in there to provide some defensive cover. Because City on the counter-attack with Sterling Sterling, so effective. This is an area where they will miss the likes of Huff and Morgan. But Hoeks has gone in there hoping to fulfil that kind of role and Ndidi was the player who had the opportunity in front of goal but he got underneath it. City defending with a combination of some zonal marking, some man marking. They simply don't do their jobs well enough. Torre and company, two very good headers of the ball, both underneath this ball. And again with the Fernandinho chance, just the timing of the header from Ndidi is wrong. Defensively from set pieces, both sides are struggling. Barbidi who scores. That's a good one. Barbidi who scored three goals for Leicester this season. All of them in home wins just swatted aside Sterling then to get to that ball. Here's company. Now Xesus. And Chilwell back to Christian Fuchs. Here's Mahrez. A little bit of a trip by Wilfred Ndidi. Torre. Now company. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Can you win over the Mais jets? The experience in these United League and Leicester is an important warrior. Otamendi's head out, falls for Albrighton, shot away but straight out Caballero is company, now Otamendi, Klichy, there's Yaya Toure, Sterling has made the run but it was just over hit for him. Just the weight of the forward pass not quite right but the movement, the idea from Sterling is right, Chilwell. As a young full-back he's a quality player but you do in games like this really have to open your body up and be aware of the runs off the ball, that's where you're going to get caught out. Great cross back there Chilwell on the inside for Leicester, a player who's making his first appearance since the Champions League exit. Leicester of course going further in that competition than their opponents today. That's Britain's last representatives in it. City who are vying to get in that competition again next season. Prospect already beyond Leicester. De Bruyne. Here's Fuchs. Fernandinho, Sterling in a race with Chilwell to get there which he did. Fernandinho now Silva. That's a good one. That's a good one. Steve Fernandinho. That's okay. Three-agenda line-up, that's okay. improvising on the ball. inaudible ться än Clichy Challenge from King, which the referee was perfectly happy with Breaks down off Jamie Vardy and here's Leroy Sané De Bruyne Silva Away by King This is Simpson Happy to leap out to his goalkeeper Willy Caballero, who's one of a number of City players whose contract will be up in the summer, Torre and Clichy among the others with some big decisions to be made. It's Emendi got away with that there against Okazaki Here's Fernandinho De Bruyne And in towards Jesus Okazaki for a chopping in of the challenge I see that Yahya Torre is nowhere near the ball, Okazaki lays it off and gets clattered, that's clearly a foul Challenges starting to fly in in central midfield Sae looking to get on the ball and play some decent attacking football Jesus jumping deep to gain possession Let's get a touch on the ball Andy King, certainly gets a bump of Jesus as well, he's been out of course with that foot injury for, what, three months Yes, just back for three games prior to this since that broken foot so you could understand he was wearing a as that challenge from King came in. Turn to King, broken up by Yaya Arturi, and slotted through by Jesus, trying to force the issue early for Sterling. That's a brilliant piece of anticipation from Kasper Schmeichel, look how high he is up the field, he knows exactly where it's going to be played. There's Jesus looking to play, reads the run of Sterling Schmeichel. He's a sweeper-keeper, if you've seen one. And with a growing reputation, who of course started his City first-team career very young, played ten matches for them before his sale to Notts County. Rumours of a potential move back to Manchester maybe, on the other side of the city. I think that has to be retaken, probably because he wasn't ready. J joke. Trying to decry this frustration. That will have to be taken again. Sarlow leaving the complaint. King's touch. Here's Sané. Simpson. Now Ndidi Benelouane. We saw Kasper Schmeichel step out of his penalty area. The first time today, he might have to just sweep in between. And in behind, his two centre-halves are not the quickest. Sometimes they're going to be caught to stud still, so he's going to have to sweep in behind where those forward balls are played. And he's going to have to sweep in between. Chilwell. Still wanting more. Be careful how far he takes these complaints. And Vincent Kompany, the captain, is just coming forward to hear the exchange here. He's going to be able to make it. He's brought to Portier. It has just been a word of warning for Sterling. A bit of simple performance. He knocks the ball past Chilwell. That arm comes across to stop Sterling getting in behind him. He's got every right to do that. That's why Sterling's unhappy. He feels as though he's been blocked off. Sterling almost walked it through. In fact, De Bruyne has got a touchback to Silva. From Jesus here to Klichy. Sané. Klichy. Back to Mares, which took the sting out of it. Schmeichel thought he kept it the right side of the line. Right. Schmeichel clearly not happy. He felt he kept the ball in. That's a really tough one for the officials to get right. It's a very, very close call. It's a hard one for Adrian Holmes to give. From the other side. That's a nice call there. All the way out to De Bruyne. Here's Silva. It's brought a little by surprise then. Otamendi's header. Silva pulls it back. Sané! And Chilwell turns it behind for safety first, but City playing so well in tight areas then. That's a perfect example of the anticipation of David Silva. He expects this header to be one. He's on the move, he's moving forward onto the ball. And that's why he's able to make things happen. Just a scuffed effort really from Sané at the end. Silva, so positive when that ball breaks. Great little lay-up. Sané, if he's got a right foot, probably scores. De Bruyne's corner. He's run the header. That's a clear space for Schmeichel to emerge. Klichy has gone back to defend against Jamie Vardy. That's a good one. That's a good one. Klichy fronted one, the ball. That's that classic Leicester. Great forward, brilliant forward pass from Schmeichel to pick up Vardy. Saw that so many times last season. Klichy's quick. Just that bit quicker. There's an awful lot of contact. Anything on the ball? Nothing on the ball. Vardy's looking for this as well, just wants to get a touch on the ball. Once a defender catches him, he's always going to go to ground. Vardy winning the kick, he's got his team in a great position here. Fulbrighton can get the delivery right. He's got Benelouane and Ndidi to aim for in there. But it's Kompany who meets it first. Simpson got to it late. In front, he's got Kompany. And there goes Alvarez. And there goes Kompany. And there goes Alvarez. And there goes Kompany. And there goes Kompany. Kompany is on the ball. He has got Kompany. Kompany has got Kompany. Kompany is on the ball. Kompany is on the ball. Kompany is on the ball. And that's a great first. Here's Jesus. Fulbrighton desperate to get it on the deck. But ends up putting his opponents on the deck. Well, Alvarez's defence here is that he feels has been taken and here's Toure back to Vincent Company now what's him ending Toure Raheem Sterling De Bruyne De Bruyne De Bruyne picks it up here's Fernandinho cleared by Christian Fuchs here's the player position stats you'd probably expect from a game like this City dominating the ball starting to create one or two opportunities but Leicester even with relatively little of the ball we saw last season can't be so effective with Vardy breaking ownership of the ball means a lot more to Pep Guardiola than his opponent here's David Silva now Sterling is waiting for the ball Fernandinho Silva seeking out Clichy Chasers waiting in the middle but it's behind him and Sterling good for the collection in the corner Leicester just lost their shape now has got to dragged infield that's why Clichy has so much space to break forward from left back there's not a lot of height in the box really for anyone in a wide position in a City shirt to knock that ball into attack so everything's coming around hip height which makes it difficult to to get shots in because there's so many Leicester shirts back there it's Ndidi's block that gave Manchester City their latest corner their fourth of the game already so he takes here's Silva Sterling now Toure Fernandinho with the ball across Sane trying to rescue it Leicester City so far have adopted some promising positions so far yet to find the killer touch here's Toure now Fernandinho Silva Chorwell does enough King here's Ndidi blocked off by Yaya Toure De Bruyne going for the long range hit and Schmeichel left stranded by the deflection glad it went wide this has come off Fener Leone not sure how wide the post it is but Toure does really well he's the deepest lying in the City midfielders wins the ball back just clips the centre half Schmeichel will be nowhere near it even inside the post so this corner company went for it the corners have looked dangerous so far there's Fernandinho now Jesus it needs to make a right missed Sane no good that was there one chance Choi one ball Dellifrey whimper trees Here's Okazaki. Muscled by Yaya Arturo, who wins the free kick. Weston, one of five teams to have beaten Manchester City in the Premier League so far this season. New champions Chelsea have already beaten them twice. Inter, A decir, Interesting. Sturgeon... De Bruyne. It's all right, picking out right-handed Sterling. Sterling gives Breeze past Chilwell! And it's Clichy! And the effort in the end from Sané. Clichy seemed to have no confidence at all about striking himself. It's a really good contest down the city right. Sterling against Chilwell. Danny Simpson does brilliantly here, not to turn this ball past his own goalkeeper. It's actually Mahrez who's back doing that job. Just really outnumbered there defensively, so many Leicester players back defending. Sané goes deep again with the corner. And too deep for any of his own teammates who are in a position to make something of it. City have got to do is play high-tempo football, get the ball into wide areas, get their wide men isolated. Against full-backs, then things start to happen. Very better defending from Mahrez. He's got to put his laces through the ball here, Gael Clichy. There's too many passes in the Leicester penalty area. But he's by no means a regular scorer. Clichy's managed two this season, one of them in the Premier League. He's never managed more than one in a Premier League season. So if he had added to the goal that he scored against Burnley, it would have been a first for him. But I think you could say that about City so far, that when they have gone into those areas in the penalty area, they've tried to overdo it a little. I think she was keen to lay off the responsibility. City dominating the possession. More opportunities for Cashmere Smigel. A save to make. Opportunity from Fernandinho from the corner. And for Sané as well. He's scuffed it across. The goal. I think Shakespeare would be pretty happy with the opening half an hour. Sané. Silva! Well, it didn't lock the cleanest of connections, but it was enough to take it past Smigel. But the Leicester players, protesting. They don't feel it should count. Well, Fuchs demanding an explanation from Bobby Madlin. Kasper Smigel furious that that goal has been allowed. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. With the linesmen. But the Leicester players not getting any joy from him either. The late seems to be that Sterling might have been in an offside position. Got a touch. Fuchs. Fuchs. Fuchs. Clearly very unhappy that this goal has been given. That's what City can do in the blink of an eye, they can be straight down the field. And they can put the ball in the back of the net, does Raheem Sterling touch this? Silva knocks it goalwards. That's just when Sterling gets a touch on the ball, that clearly is what the Leicester players are appealing for. Does he get a touch on it? Very possibly does. Maybe the Leicester players have a point. Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Well, Manchester City won Leicester 0-0, but who gets the credit? It was the effort from David Silva. But there did seem to be the faintest of touches from Raheem Sterling, and that being the case, he was in an offside position. He just sees his arm go up maybe in celebration, then possibly realised that if he did celebrate too strongly, he would know he was in an offside position, so maybe City have got away with it. FANS ROAR Here's Fernandinho. Now Silva. And it's Fernandinho! And they're looking for a penalty there, but probably madly felt nothing under the ward from Christian Fuchs' challenge. We've got some strong complaints from Fernandinho, but there did seem to be an arm in the back, a nudge in the back, the ball's getting away from him. Fuchs is very slightly fortunate here, because Fernandinho actually runs into Fuchs more than anything else. I think it would have been harsh to give that. Yes, Clichy, Gondrena, now Otamendi. FANS ROAR Oh, Mike Stowell and Greg Shakespeare are still disputing the decision to allow the goal. FANS ROAR Sterling certainly makes a movement towards the ball, but does he touch it? That's the key. FANS ROAR One goal where Sterling will be happy to lay off the credit to David Silva, and here's Sterling himself... FANS ROAR ...and it's a goal for Torre. FANS ROAR Now De Bruyne. FANS ROAR Leroy Sané. FANS ROAR Ended off by Danny Simpson. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Here's Leroy Sané with the corner. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Silva. FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR de Bruyne. FANS ROAR Fernandinho. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR De Bruyne. FANS ROAR Here's also Mendy... FANS ROAR now Silva this is King to Mahrez Dayotori Sterling and LeJuan stepping in there against Gabriel Jesus who stayed on the ground Fernandinho's cross headed back from Sané Silva's onto it David Silva just trying to roll it in the gap between Ben LeJuan and Danny Simpson Silva Sané Ben LeJuan dives in and the referee has no doubt this time points to the spot it looks a clear penalty but David Silva at the heart of everything that's good about City the way he plays the game the ball is at his feet but he's got his head up he's always looking for where to play the ball lays it into the path of Sané and that is a really clumsy challenge from Ben LeJuan good to see his reactions as well he knows it's a penalty he's nowhere near the ball referee absolutely right to point to the spot and City get a second here they took this penalty away Leicester in big trouble but nowhere near the ball the centre half well Johan Ben LeJuan booked and if they've got a case for dispute over the opening goal they don't really have a grievance over the penalty award seems to be a bit of a debate where Yaya Toure was first to step forward for the kick but it's been handed instead to Gabriel Jesus to try and put Manchester City in a position of comfort before half-time Jesus up against Kasper Schmeichel 2-0 Jesus as cool as you like well Schmeichel's dancing around on his goal line Jesus never took his eyes off the ball never looked like missing didn't look like Toure wanted to take this penalty on his birthday Jesus had other ideas really composed finish neat shuffle from Jesus and his ruthless finish from the spot is what counts for Manchester City and even the experienced campaigner 34 today Yaya Toure prepared to give way to him and that turned out to be the right decision this team conceding two goals in the space of seven minutes and the first goal of the season is there any way back now for Leicester who've lost just two Premier League games since Shakespeare took over against Everton and against Arsenal but it's a long road back here now and it's a long road back here now and it's a long road back here now but it's a long road back here now Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Tauré Fernandinho, who lays it off to Silva, forces him a little wider than he would have wanted. De Bruyne. Toure. Cleared by Fuchs. We saw this against Crystal Palace, City went two up and they didn't take their foot off the gas, they kept pressing forward looking for more and more goals, and that's the major problem for Leicester, getting enough of the ball to get a goal back in the game. The bigger problem is keeping City out. Even without long-term absentee Wes Morgan, this looked a tricky enough task for Leicester, but to lose... Robert Huch. ...to be able to move as well and to be forced into reshuffling his makeshift defence was the last thing that Craig Shakespeare would have wanted coming into this game. Against a Manchester City team unbeaten in their previous five. And scored five here a week ago. Thrown through by Xhases but cleared by Christian Fuchs to Chilwell. That's the attacking flexibility that City have, Jey Zeus dropping back into midfield to be the creator. Sterling then coming off the right-hand side to play as a centre-forward. The debate is still raging. I wonder if this goal should stand, does Raheem Sterling get a touch on the shot from David Silva? From the officials' point of view, they have to be absolutely sure that he has got a touch. He's in an offside position, but they can't guess that he's got a touch, they've got to be absolutely sure that he has. And if he hasn't, that's why the goal is allowed to stand, but it's very, very tough to decide. It's a little bit of a celebration from Sterling. He maybe realises he is in an offside position and quickly puts his hand down. I suppose even by making a move towards it as Raheem Sterling did, Kasper Schmeichel might argue that it would affect his positioning. It was certainly Schmeichel who was probably the most vocal initially in leading the protests against that goal, which was the key to the breakthrough. Why didn't they put him in, given the orange ball they were sending earlier, was over 궁금atsuing the fans. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again. Here we go again Here we go again. Here we go again. Silver. Yaya Tauray. Bub got away with it already given away a penalty I think that was the last thing Johan Benelau needed to do there's a time and a place for a centre half to get the tricks out and now you're Tori bearing down on you that isn't one of them Kumpa at the broider Mahrez back to him from Andy King Albrighton's ball in and what a finish from Okazaki and Leicester are right back in it as he powers them into that position now the comeback is on it's a brilliant finish but Vincent Kompany here tries to get to a ball that he's never going to reach maybe should be a bit more of a a bit more of a a bit more of a appreciating where Okazaki is as the cross comes in Kompany tries to get to the ball gets underneath it and that's why Okazaki is in behind him there's a slip from Otamendi as well great ball in from Albrighton but what a finish from Okazaki the third goal in the game is so so important Leicester have got it back and it's game on again that is some way to end a 23 match spell without a goal for Shinji Okazaki he's taken the lead vasul Inspector and it's already 3 goals there's some pity for Ko with theud cambiar so he finds可以 to commend boy nearly two points that's pretty much it much needed encouragement for great Shakespeare a worry for Pep Guardiola is the old failing of not being able to kill opponents off letting them off the hook here's Clichy Yaya Toure going to clear Chilwell and find Raheem Sterling De Bruyne that's it wrong 10th day for Pep Guardiola 10th day for quite a few managers tomorrow on Super Sunday not least at Selhurst Park in that pivotal relegation battle between Crystal Palace and Hull which starts us off from 11 o'clock on Sky Sports 1 followed by Liverpool's determination to nail down a Champions League spot as they go to the London Stadium to take on West Ham and then the final game at White Hart Lane in its current form as Manchester United are the visitors Sky Sports 1 from 4.15 so make sure you're with us for a big day tomorrow yes Sterling here's Sané De Bruyne so they're pulling it across for Raheem Sterling it's not an easy opportunity for Sterling the ball is well beyond it dropping over his shoulder at the far post as well to Asli and knocked this back towards goal scoring from there would be optimistic but it's not an easy opportunity for Sterling he could get into longevity out of that that that that