eight league titles between them but there's plenty of competition as they go for glory and of course for being on the right side of this special rivalry here today liverpool have set up in a diamond with adam alana number 10 arivi and camino split strikers and chan and ronaldo me the side of jordan henderson so very much a tactical shift from jürgen klopp he's managing here in the premier league for the first time he had a good evening here in the europa league last march and they actually knocked united out i remember he's won twice at chelsea's one at arsenal he runs 4-1 at manchester city twice drawn at spurs these massive matches i've had no fear for him and for his team well you have to say it's a huge shift in formation what it does also do usually the diamond exposes you more in wide areas it means that it's emre chan on that right-hand side he's gonna have to get out there very quickly to support the young right back alexander arnold i'm not sure chan's got the legs to do either for 90 minutes solid head up by diane lovren he's a bold manager so there's it's gone out there less of a red flag on l васve in them evans depois de acessibilitar o codificar que los ale celulares yes jones has to see yourself a club and clears his jones se decide to have a for games after his terrible injury problems he over at the taravert home Koreans after his troubles with some pressing cool down over at the taravert new eric's calm and clever and clears his jones seen having a run the games after his terrible injury problems nine times to the heads of the ohs here jones giving in for his terrible injuries about the infielders back another like a dead culture It was very tight, it was very tense at Anfield in October. Manchester United weren't in such a strong position morale-wise, momentum-wise as they are now with six straight Premier League wins, nine in all competitions. Origi muscling Valencia, Liverpool could be in here, but Origi running out of legs a little bit, but he's got a corner. And Milano is happy to be seen there, talking to Origi, saying to him, make it up now, put it into me. An early Liverpool corner at Old Trafford. Lovren's gone round the back. The... Attempts... Take two here. It's a good spotlighting because Paul Pogba got blocked and Lovren was free. If he'd been a glance to the back post, United were in trouble. Resuming... Better vigilance, the most expensive player. Just watch, Clavin's trying to block him. Milano tries again. He's got blocked again. And here, claims his start. Went deep. There he is. Little Croatian defender. That's a good jump, David de Gea was out. Milano giving chase. Milano tracking back. Liverpool have won here five times in the Premier League. They're obviously staying number 25 here for them. They're three. One-nil wins in four. The season's all secured by Danny Murphy goals. And then, a bit more recently, big wins. 4-1. Fernando Torres had a wonderful game. And 3-0, Luis Suarez. He had the Liverpool charge then. And he's been calling for great involvement from the home support. And you can see a part of the picture that William Cox is going crazy at Mignolet. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. And it's a bit crazy that Mignolet, for not playing short, he wants his team to pass out from the back. Even if United do try and play high and stop them. And it's a bit crazy that Mignolet, for not playing short, he wants his team to pass out from the back. Even if United do try and play high and stop them. Henderson. And Wijnaldum. And Wijnaldum. Lifting over. And the Qutari has just slipped. And Liverpool back on the ball with Wijnaldum again. Henderson. And for Origi. He's got plenty of muscle power through the middle. He's like a more... He's like a more... He's like a more... like a more recognised central striker than Roberto Firmino and indeed Daniel Sturridge in that respect he's got a physical presence Valencia, Riquitaria it's a big pitch it's a big ask of Wijnaldum and Champ if United can switch play with this diamond they're pressing over to the side Liverpool trying to get close the full-backs are going to get a lot of space chance enough to go out quickly on that side Everton earlier today spectacularly pulled back nice to the city but they were really big impressive moves for Chelsea and Tottenham and Arsenal yesterday that's reminding these two of what they've got to do to get closer to getting the trophy Great paddling left-back, Valencia first real thrust for Manchester United here H car get's it away,earches confidence and there's the hai boy Neymar he has a bit of a connection there Uncle John is actually the club's section guard is actually the club secretary of Manchester United. Milner into Origi, can't keep it, Liverpool need him to do that, give his game a bit better. And then the pressure cooker is this fixture. That's the difference, Daniel Scurridge will bring that under control, Origi's more suited to running in behind, really onto things. Hikotaro in, he'll squeeze it back to Valencia. Milner. That was a ball well measured for Adam Lallana, might take it on. Alexander-Arnold against his immediate foe today, Anthony Manning. Martial. He shouldn't forget, made his Premier League debut in this fixture the last time it was played. Came from the bench and wrapped up that 3-1 United win. Liverpool have won only one of the last seven against Manchester United, but they're unbeaten in the last three, if you take into account the two, agua Mariposa and Marieni. From the liquifying foe, Kylian Mbappe gave them something of a better game than Liverpool. So lastly, Virgilio Fields trying to get you a wake-over. And they have to trade a long Dom? Horn smiled. Struck! Steve Kel including Ed Gareth, his order to which, audiences also played in difficultyуем poor quality football. Winger! Booth to aer steroids over Understand, can't fix it. Sh масса, Henderson can't get it through beyond Ander Herrera. Milner pulled out wide to make himself a target for Mignolet. Michael Oliver's the referee. Clare. Clare might not have been playing today if Liverpool had to resolve that difficulty with the Cameroon federation, but Joel Matip... That was good from Wijnaldum, just backing up play. Backing up the second ball. Milner takes. Firmino on the run. Run offside. Let's hear from Jamie Redknapp, who's up on the gantry alongside us today. Jamie. Good afternoon, Martin. You get the feeling both teams are sparring at the moment, not a great deal happening. I think Gary touched on it with the two teams, with the system, certainly Liverpool playing with that diamond, and I do worry about Valencia for Liverpool, he's the one that can keep coming on, and I think Wijnaldum really wants to come out here, or Rigi, so that's where it's going to be a fascinating battle. I think Valencia could be a major problem as this game develops for Liverpool. Nice, they've got to get the full-backs in play, stretch, Liverpool midfield. Liverpool win another free kick. And Herrera, Carrick and Pogba have become a genuine three for Jose Mourinho. It's freed up Paul Pogba a little bit to be involved further forward. Lallana trying to run off Michael Carrick. Rigi. They've settled pretty well, Liverpool, first ten or eleven minutes. Nothing really, the other endings, Mignolet, and they've come forward. Slapped past Erlet. They've settled into the game. Liverpool have finished above United only twice in the 24 seasons of the Premier League, but in the 24 seasons prior to that, United ended above Liverpool just once. So they both have had two decades of domination. Here's Fulho. An unlikely important figure for Jose Mourinho. He's said it a number of times in the last few weeks, almost like Jose Mourinho stumbled across a back four and not letting him down, he's been very good this last minute or two in this run. And this case goes forward to... Damm. Darmian. Martial. Breaks to Martial again, quick feet from the Frenchman. Down he goes. My brother was having nothing to do with the United penalty claims. No, it's not a penalty, not wanting to see that again. I have to say, it came down that right side, Liverpool... ..just falling over. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Jones. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Led forward by Carrick. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS And by Henderson to Liverpool. Jones intervenes, the early search for supremacy here. I see Michael Carrick trying to force that pass through the middle, that will be difficult for Liverpool having so many bodies in there, they're going to have to go wide and switch play like this. Valencia. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Flex FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS WHOA! FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS doesn't really want to get too close to him, does pretty much what he wants, Martial just drifts inside, he's nearly... just got a little bit too much on it. Van Dam was looking at the goalkeeper as if to say, come and help me out, but in the end it was just too much for Ibrahimovic, who has never won and not scored against Liverpool. Five previous appearances for three different clubs. One of which, of course, was Manchester United, in the 0-0 at Anfield in October. Lovren. Firmino. Another big comparison. Scurry between the two teams, it's been the amount of distance covered in matches. Liverpool the best, or the furthest, if you like, and United the lowest in that respect in the Premier League. Yeah, two completely contrasting styles, when you watch Liverpool play, they've obviously benefited from the three weeks they've had, but I have to say that the style of play, they're electrifying, when you get some of the games you know to before, the Arsenal away game, Chelsea away game, City last year, been absolutely brilliant to watch, and they do revolve a lot around those combinations, speed of play, and the reaction. The best team, along with Tottenham, I think, in terms of transition, of giving the ball away when you're back. They really are fantastic and nimble. The challenge over this last, I would say, probably two weeks, has been they've had games every three or four days, which disrupts that rhythm. If you look at the fixtures, in the six-game bunch, before, during and after the Christmas period, only two that got through them undefeated, these two. I think it's interesting to see Jose Mourinho writing his notes down there. It was Jürgen Klopp, of course, who passed a note from Southampton to Daniel Sturridge. Outlining the system that they were supposed to be switching to. Filling out each other in the first 15 minutes. FOOTBALL PLAYS You can see already, doing more running, United are more positional. They're always on the move, with and without the ball. That's the header. Mubehinovic. To give the ball to the quicker Pogba. Mubehinovic. Carrick's fighting to get to this one, but Mubehinovic got in front of him, just a bit behind Henderson. Well by Rojo. Carrick. Crude a header by Henderson, trying to keep possession for Liverpool, but it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. Difficult for both sides at the moment. Carrick. Pogba under pressure. And Marcoli doesn't see a foul, and Liverpool stride on here, with Firmino. Another chance to fight into the middle, where Liverpool are well represented. Alexander-Arnold puts it on the scene, but it's carried it a little bit. Chance for the first one, if Firmino hits Rojo with a cross into the chest. It's a good chance. No foul on Pogba. He's dallying on the ball and gets caught, and Liverpool are away. It's Chandler-Lan and Origi in the middle. He has to try and pick one of them out. He'll get the back post, looks tempting. . . Come round with mixed emotions there. This is John Alexander. The uncle of young Liverpool right back. He does come from Liverpool, worked at Tottenham before Manchester United, and there was a chance for Ibrahimovic. That can drop in, it's not. And Mignolet complaining about the back pass. That could have been very embarrassing for Liverpool defensively. It was short for Mignolet, I have to say that. But normally, when a goalkeeper and a striker go in, and a striker go into it you've got to take the lot it's a weak clearance from minile i'm not having that i have to say you've just got to take the lot there's latin and everything smashing just trying to get on the field it's a big risk we'll get away with one over the head of jones valencia has to turn galana was chasing him down considered kick and david de gea which wins it good cover by alexander arnold here's mcataran five four for manchester united here including the power of pogba but he scuffed it it's a good chance the first play from alexander arnold was good there but you watch him on this one he just drifts out towards marcial c and leaves that space for pogba to run through and it's on his left side and he makes a real mess of it he should score he drags it you should score he drags it snatches a big chance disappointment on his face the uh beaten the oven club manager to manager at once and that was quite a hollow victory for jose mourinho in that they went out of europe having lost the uh away leg greater margin than the one win this round against dortmund so strong and got the decision he's been flooding the answers in the competitions the oven club and that's the benefit you get at least a alexander armand has had other first team experience if not so much in the premier league nothing like this it's a big ask big risk a big opportunity for alexander armand and he's got a lot of experience he's got a lot of experience in the league and he's got a lot of experience in the premier league opportunity for him hogba put him behind henderson mcintyre ibrahimovic coming in he had it and he's built it for a moment but to no cost his position was good mini late constant near post he took a three or four stride starts but he cut it out loverin trying to give him a ball over the top marcial pogba just a bit tight that triangle for united let's hear again from james james redknapp james what have you got for us martin first 16 minutes i felt liverpool pretty comfortable and then they're just starting to find a bit of rhythm herrera in midfield i've been watching in the last six seven games there he is again he's the man that sets the tempo in there and he won that first ball that set up pogba and the mc atarian starting to get involved and i know gary you know what it's like in this stadium they can start to feel it and united are starting to find a little bit of rhythm now which is a bit of a worrying sign for liverpool i think so i think united can get it into wide areas a That's for Milner, and they un-boy it right back. Not exactly feeling the pressure of the fixture, but getting his radar wrong. Origi, a muscle in the arm, and Liverpool a free kick in a decent area. He's done well, Origi. I did feel before this game that for Liverpool to do well, they needed to start well and be good in the first half of the game, and get a goal in front. Opportunity here. Clavin, Origi, Lovren, Chan... Kamino all in the middle. All back for United, including Ibrahimovic's height. Between the two central defenders. Roma hoisted in. Lovren knocks it down. A bit of a swing by Origi, didn't really get hold of it. I bet it was a chance. I have to say, the first three set-pieces Liverpool have had, Lovren's got really the better of Pogba. Does him again there. Comes quickly to Origi. It is a chance. Lovren back. And... Cutting it out, Ibrahimovic was thinking it might drop over the central defender. But it's not. It's a good shot. It's a good shot. Nicely put together by Liverpool. Milner. Challenge tight on Origi, though. Knew where the pass was going to go straight away. Pogba. Lovren applauding the pressure applied on Manchester United by his players. That's why Liverpool are the best in the league, when they're getting around people very quickly. And... Big numbers, 3-4-5, all sprinting towards the ball. Good work by Emre Can. And a small drop here for Alexander-Arnold. Suddenly found himself with a chance of a long name being up in lights. Sleeping Martial to start with, and then panicked. Got back with Alexander-Arnold. You see at the top of your picture there, watch where Martial is, sleeping, ball-watching. He just turns it back inside. He does his job eventually. United wide, man. It's not a one-way street on that far side. That's the best thing to probably do, run him the other way, cos he certainly doesn't like running back. I think he's been more willing to do it under Jose Mourinho in the last couple of months. It's certainly not his favourite part of his game. Wijnaldum. Let's feel for Jürgen Klopp in bringing Jordan Henderson back from injury. Rather reduced the chances of him starting. Felipe Coutinho as well, of course, has been out for even longer. He did come on as a substitute at Southampton. I think we all felt pretty confident that Coutinho would play for this game. It's a good point you make, having two of them come back. Liverpool just shading the possession. It's been in this area. 0-0, 25 minutes gone. Out on the far side. Jones, passed by Firmino, Manchester United are in trouble here. They're lucky that they only conceded a corner. That is the great strength of this Liverpool team. The pinch-catchers are in trouble. They've punched the ball off you. You think you're safe, but you're not. Firmino in, Lallana then backing up. Rojo, grateful. Best pass from Martial. Jones thought he had more time than he actually did. No time to think. Atul Jones. Corner for Liverpool. Trying to block again to get Lovren on it. And Klavan. Oh, he's on ball. By Pogba. And Lovren was pulling away. And Michael Oliver points to the spot. And Manchester United... Well, it's daft. Four set pieces. He had a nightmare on all four. And it's a penalty straight away, handball. Michael Oliver... I have to say, the stadium are never going to appeal. I'm not sure even too many Liverpool players appealed. But it was an obvious handball. And Pogba, he struggled against Lovren in this first 25 minutes. What a chance now for Liverpool. And it's a penalty. What a chance now for James Milner. Well, he's 100%. Five out of five this season. He's a very experienced professional. But this will test his nerve. But he passes the test. And Liverpool lead at Old Trafford. Pogba culpable. Milner perfect from the spot. Well, that's the goal I thought Liverpool would need. To do well in this game, it's the height that beats David Firmino. The power's good. But just a little bit too high for him. He goes the right way, the goalkeeper, but Milner... He hasn't missed this season, he's ecstatic. It's the biggest. But he's lost him on every single set-piece. He turns his back, he doesn't know where he is, Paul Pogba. And then he panics. One mistake followed by the second. And a bad one for Manchester United. It's amazing, this. Fixtra's had so many penalties. It's nine in less than eight years in matches between Manchester United and Liverpool in the Premier League. And there was one here in the Europa League last season as well. And there was one day when Liverpool got three at Old Trafford, awarded then by Mark Clattenburg. Absolutely delighted to take full advantage of Pogba's error of judgement. End of the F export spree. For S yourselves. For Chancellor Barcelona. For Arsenal. Here's comme un. Rot ticket? 에는 corporate lucarden nelord mask. but it all started with Phil Jones getting caught in possession by Firmino, and the corner led to the penalty. Brick by brick, they built a lead here in Liverpool. You think about Pogba's first 25 minutes on the set-piece, the pass out of play and the mischance at the other end, it's not been his greatest for United so far. He's got plenty of time to put it right. FANS SING And Herrera. Valencia waiting in space. It's over here to Manchester United, they're a bag of nerves at the moment. Yeah, Jose Mourinho trying to settle his team, but he's got a good hand. What a record, he's now scored against Manchester United for Newcastle. For Aston Villa, that was a penalty at Wembley in a League Cup final. For Manchester City here, and now for Liverpool here. Klavan. Up goes Milner. Firmino. Balogna, nothing to the right for him. FANS SING That's given away by Artana and Arnold. Herrera on the prowl for United. Lovren stops, Mourinho, and Mourba launches in. Martiala ref was very close, couldn't have been better placed. I think Mike Lovren will think about West Ham incident, Manchester United players around him reacting. He does lunge in, Lovren, I'd be surprised if he gets away without a booking. But Blackhold has done well, he's taken his time. He's leaving the booking. And Chelsea also sent off Simon Francis of Bournemouth. OK, it's Arsenal. Yellow today for Lovren. Thought it would be. But the Manchester United players' reaction was similar to the reaction at West Ham away, with Figuoli, where he did get the red card. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Can't make sure it doesn't reach Ibrahimovic. They didn't need to give that away, Emre Can. It's a poor header. It does look quite greasy, and it skimmed off it. Well, a right-wing corner somehow led to Liverpool taking the lead. Manchester United with a chance to reply in a similar situation. THEY CHANT It's on the edge. Not a penalty following a right-wing corner, as it was at the other end. Herrera asking for the penalty, I thought it was a push at the near post. I think it was on Lallana initially. Just watch the near post. Is it Rojo? Just there. In another part of the penalty area, Pogba was wrestling Henderson to the ground. Henderson's gone to the referee and saying... I love that, he's wrestling. He probably gets in the book. Pogba's head's gone at the moment, he knows he's having a difficult half an hour, but this is a big chance. If it gets past the wall with the power that Ibrahimovic will put on it, it'll be difficult for Mignolet. Pogba's been on free kicks from time to time for Manchester United, but you don't get them off Ibrahimovic in this kind of position. I always think these are nightmares for goalkeepers. Absolute nightmares. Central, so close to goal. They've got no time to react if it goes past the wall, you're just hoping that the wall does its job. Here he goes, and the goalkeeper does his job. He's gonna be in there. He's been absolutely brilliant, Mignolet, because that is so tough, to get down there so close to him, and parry it away and get it away. Another corner for United. 1-0 down. Led by Klavan, emphatically. He raves the others out in his defensive line-up field. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. They parted, didn't they, the Manchester United players, at the end of the wall, allowing the ball to speed through. Mignolet was covering really what was his side of the wall, and he picked the right side. If anything, the United players peeled away too quickly. They almost delayed it a little bit, so he was almost unsighted even more. Oh, what a save. He's got the ball in the right wing. He's got the ball in the right wing. He's got the ball in the right wing. Carrick. Oh, he won't get that. Oh, he won't get that. Oh, he won't get that. This is the free kick again. You mentioned it, Martin, the United players at the end of the wall. Carrick pulled the ball away too quickly, which gives him a side to it. He could have just delayed it a little bit more. Mignolet, I have to say, still a fantastic save. WHISTLE BLOWS Mkhitaryan. Firmino. Allowed to turn, Origi likewise. Some pieces. Probably Liverpool's most dangerous element in the game, so far. And Dejan Lovren has been a key player for Jurgen Klopp. They've got a chance to change at half-time, but he's so uncomfortable with Lovren, he's lost to him on every single one. There he is again. Not quite sure why Lovren's going in on the goalkeeper, he's letting him off. It's a different signal from Milner. Oh! In the in swing, it feels like Neymar put too much on it for Heyer, which is a spark of counter-attack. Nothing... Nearly on for the United goalkeeper straightaway. Pogba. And Maldon across. I have to say, the first 35 minutes we haven't seen anything of Mkhitaryan. Very little of him, very little. Edmarsie out. Firmino is regarded by Jurgen Klopp as his best defensive attacker, if you understand what I'm saying. He certainly showed that in the lead-up to the corner that led to the penalty, and just again now where he was penalised. Here's Valencia. And then Settling to the corner. They haven't done that enough, the Manchester United full-backs. They should be going forward at every opportunity. They haven't got a direct opponent. Mkhitaryan to take the corner. With a bag on the post. Ibrahimovic. Marked by Lovren, marked well by Dayan Lovren. Origi. Roberto Firmino. Jones driving on. Bit more than are coming together between Mkhitaryan and Milner. Free kick to United. He's just got his body in front. United need somebody to grab the game. He's drifting by for them at the moment. Valencia. Again, it doesn't work out for Paul Pogba. He's taken too many touches, he's been dispossessed now a couple of times. I think he's got to play the simple way to get back into the game, build his confidence back. Almost as if he's come into the game a little bit overexcited. Yeah, I think so. I have to say, the game, first 35 minutes for United, people revolved around him. The penalty, the set-pieces, he's got the ball away a couple of times, missed a huge chance. It's a big chance. He's certainly not at the moment thinking clearly. He has to settle down. United 15 games unbeaten in all competitions. They're in a situation where they've been playing catch-up. Dropping points. The first couple of months. They need to keep winning. They really need to keep the teams above them within range. They're trailing here to a very lively Liverpool. VAR TURNS scalar Die reise The move started by United goalkeeper. And collaboratively indicated it wasn't a foul. And the family officials agreeing with him, looking to repeatedly try to shift back, or had tylko just done that. They find 150 less on the form to avoid over-suggesting. Still Argiri. Firmino up with him. Comes out towards Chan. Now Lallana, United still in trouble here. Lallana trying to place it. He's got Milner with him, and Jones can't get it out. Only last for handball against Milner. There's Mkhitaryan, Milner bites back. Here comes Klavan. You're nervous. You've got to hold out. He's zipped forward by Klavan to Milner. Let's hear again from Jamie Renkamp. Martin, I just want to highlight Paul Pogba. Gary's mentioned it, it's like he's never marked a man from a corner in his life. He's not even looking at the ball, he's done this once, twice, and then the third time has been instrumental in what's been happening. You can see him at the back post, he's really struggled. I actually can't believe that Jose Munoz, one of the senior players, has not said, let's get someone else to mark Dejan Lovren. Have a bit of experience, maybe ask Rojo or Jones, because he can't deal with him at the moment, and it's a major problem for Manchester United. Absolutely. The names are up on the board, who you're marking, sometimes if it's not working, you just think... Dubinovic, Jones, Rojo, could they change? It's a good point, I'm sure something will happen at half-time. THEY CHANT Well, to be honest, you don't have to wait till half-time. There are players out there who could sort that out for themselves. It's just sometimes you're down on the touchline, you've not quite seen what's happened on the first two, we've got this cold view from up here, and the manager, because nothing's come of it, you might think, well, OK, there's nothing happened, but the danger was there. Here's danger for Liverpool, Mkhitaryan's in the clear, and Mignolet stands firm, and Liverpool keep their lead. What is Klavan doing? What is Klavan doing? I think he tries to step up. But it's a big chance for him. Hogbrad on his left foot, now the Katarians have won. Henrik Mkhitaryan there. Quite a well-known, of course, to Jurgen Klopp, the Liverpool manager, signed into Dortmund. They've made it to the match hall twice, and they've been cut through Liverpool in those runs inside, out to win, inside the full-backs. Elegantic Roberto Firmino. There's been a lot of talk about the Liverpool goalkeepers this season, but Simon Mignolet is distinguishing himself here. I thought that was a more comfortable one for him, but Klavan there, I mean, is he just offside? Maybe Lovren was playing him on, but... It's a big chance. It's a good one, actually, with his left hand, but it's a good height for him, it's close to him, it's in his arc, I think if it had been low, he'd have been in trouble. Origi. Valencia. He stands on his ankle. That's him and Valencia. You saw those. Origi just getting up now. Hobbling away. That's Origi's first start for Liverpool against Manchester United, and he's proving to be a handful for Mourinho's back line. That's what he is, he's a handful. He hasn't got the quality of Sturridge, but he runs, he challenges, he harasses, and that's exactly what he's doing, he's unsettled, he's a handful, Rojo and Jones. Milner takes, and Lovren has got free again. Firmino trying to get in and force it over the line, it wasn't going to drop for him. Jose Mourinho will not be able to believe what he's seen on these set-pieces, when he looks at them all back, you see around the back, it's Pogba again who loses him, that's five. Talk about warning signs. What's going to happen here? Another set-piece for Liverpool. That's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's around the back, a single for Lovren again. He's lost him again. CHEERING They've gone out of jail this time because Michael Oliver's brought in the push. He's struggling, he's got to be in these set-pieces. Making a plug-zero of it at the moment. Come on. There's still a bit to be done before these two... Aaah. ..be hit. The final on the VFL Cup final. It'll be football one-down to Southampton for the first leg. That's the week on Wednesday on Sky Sports one, and the following night, none United have a 2-0 lead to take the Hull, but Hull are showing signs in the Marco Silva of... perhaps be a bit more about them. and dusted either and Jose Mourinho would be the first to admit that. Made by Rojo. Lovren. He left early in the... last game here, it's often his work. He's got some planning to do. Marcel Mkhitaryan. No chance of Mkhitaryan, but he hasn't really been involved in the game, neither has Ibrahimovic. The front six of United haven't been great at all. Michael Carrick in midfield has been fantastic recently, he's looked a little bit out of sorts. One very eager option for the Frenchman. Manchester United, of course, is Wayne Rennick. He grew up on the blue side of Merseyside, and would love to get his record-breaking goal against this particular opponent from Manchester United today.