after the end of half time, whether it was Jose Mourinho or just put Wayne Rooney out there on the edge of that record, I think Michael Carrick was out of sorts in the first half I don't know if it was an injury, he certainly wasn't himself Wayne Rooney's come on in the number 10 position, Pogba and Herrera will flatten up in midfield and play as a two Pogba given no time well so far it's been Merseyside's day but it could change by a Liverpool lad he's never been afraid, Jose Mourinho, to make early changes in games he's done it again here's Milder, scoring the only goal so far by Mkhitaryan, the assistant, lagging on the far side he just follows through a little bit, and he does, just do it Mkhitaryan Carvin to take the free kick Jones to meet it from Manchester United and Ibrahimovic running off him he has感 induced a disturb, dangerous feeling for Hull, but yeah, saben he just has to focus, Tomato and Ho suggestions Virgilio maybe trying to become出 the artist and Lech Boulia in post in a situation like this, when it's one of Boulia's winning國aletto, das Deal 3 galas A tough man, great one Domingo is preferences there, he let Malgr confirming, and Ypt guards good acá dijo quepoweray, suspingün website I'll leave the below part in theopedia for the rest of the show ball 못 acelerar por alłączamäntisva to a forces large enough, he and Orlando Bale, we obviously must give them way that do it and also Ásia have lost 4 goals as well soon after the chip was TI show Trouble for United at the back. Put the bat away from home, a simple principle, it's an old-fashioned thing to say, but where you're centre-forward, you're looking to occupy, make it difficult for the centre-backs. He's certainly done that, Origi. As I've seen him in the last couple of months, Rojo and Jones. Valencia. Valencia again. Higuain. Herrera. Fabinho, you can sense the anxiety from the Old Trafford crowd. Misplaced pass from Herrera, and Liverpool following that, push forward with the four. Including Divock Origi. And there's a nick on that, and it's a corner. The angle we were at, you couldn't tell when it was going to go, and Nessel in that top corner, got a deflection off Bill Jones. It's a good break from Liverpool. Off Manchester United quickly. And who's going to pick up Lovren? I don't think it's going to be Paul Pogba. Or is it Wayne Rooney? Or is it none of them? At the moment he's free. Liverpool setting up so that Klavan is the screen really. So Lovren can let Klavan barrel into United and Lovren can peel away. Which he duly does. And... And... Actually makes the ball. And then there's a... Pushed by... Chan. It's an interesting but strange tactic. Paul Pogba is standing three or four yards off Lovren, as if to say, I'm going to have a run at you with it. I have to say, not a conventional way to mark on corners. You usually say be body to body. You see where Pogba is waiting for him to come out. That's obviously something to discuss. I have to say, it's a strange tactic. You always say be body to body, be man against man, don't let him run. Only trying to get a corner out of this. Which he... He's done. And he'll take it himself. And a hit. Lovren dealt with it at the near post. Lovren! And... And Lovren defends well for Liverpool again. Rooney. Waldorf Henderson. Fired it across. Fired by Milner. And here comes Valencia. I wasn't expecting this. APPLAUSE the whistle was blown there's the mini lay there it's the landing blocks go towards the edge of that six yard box that space is his he's not there he left it to did the job by Jones Martial Lovren's clearance has more height than distance Jose Mourinho has been calling for starting to materialise here Lovren jumping with Ibrahimovic he's hoping that someone was running in behind there maybe Rooney probably should have been I think when Rooney heads that back towards Ibrahimovic he may just make the bend he's running behind Martial might get to this first nice time to set nice to slip into the Martial Rojo gets it down can't carry the ball forward frenetic at the moment here's Lallana eventually thanks for Liverpool since the resumption in a way it was struggling with that back pass in the first half it's a bit more decisive this time it was it was it was picked up his line more decisive more positive probably his worst moment of a very good first half that one where he did half going really against Ibrahimovic on that 50-50 by Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Looney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney ho novel He's morning over the restarts no chamber hebert of him in final the new he sh he sign Ro egg bout A little bit of inexperience again, caught by Martial. And they might be heavily punished here, because it's Mkhitaryan bearing down on goal! And neither Martial nor Riri could touch it into the net. There was too much weight on it for Mkhitaryan, he had to play it across slower, he fires it across, he needs to roll it past... Mignolet, he gets caught, the young boy at right-back. And the counter-attacks there, it's a good first touch by Ibrahimovic, Milner's caught forward, and he doesn't need to put too much weight in it, roll it across. And a drive from Damian that's led to this corner. I have to say, they have big chances, United, big chances. The Manchester Reds trying to rouse themselves here. Jordan Henderson, I think, speaking up for Alexander-Arnold, he might have been fouled, but he didn't look like a foul from our angle. Rojo going to the near post, there comes Mignolet, that's the punch. That's a catch. Jones mindful of being caught. Firmino in the first half, not a good kick by De Gea this time. Alana cleverly traversing that to Chan. And Mignolet, thinking that Origi might get that. Valencia, some of his control distribution, De Gea, did fantastic, so composed so far. Again. And from Damian, met by Lovren. And here's Henderson. You can take a page out of the story of this fixture in the history books down the years, and what you're seeing now will fit into each story. It's a real scrap at the moment, with Mourinho's men trying to repair the damage. Feels like it's getting more important this game, the tension's building. Pogba. The sense of slightly more self-control in the second half. And Herrera. Unable to intervene. Really unable to keep it. And Herrera's working really hard, he's really on the run. Cup fight. He might have an angle on it, but he's not able to keep it. He's able to deal with it. There's just some danger late sometimes, Clive, and if the run's going behind him, he can act again there to Wayne Roonis. Interesting how the players there, Gary, were feeling that Mignolet had hung on to the ball. There was an incident, I think in a European game at Anfield, where he was penalised for that, and it cost a goal. And infringing that, never used. Too slow. But rarely too slow. Can't blame him. Wasting a little bit of time and just slowing the game down a little bit. Dianne with the throw. Roja. He used the full-width of the pitch again, and now it's up to Herrera, unable to pick out Valencia. That's the only way to win it back. This is what Liverpool have got to contend with now. An authentic Old Trafford atmosphere, and Manchester United trying to look like the authentic club that won these 13 Premier League titles. It hasn't been easy in recent seasons to stamp that image on their performances. Here's Martial. A few Liverpool players to deal with the threat. He wasn't comfortable. He's not going to give up. He's going to keep going. He's left-foot Martial. Mane ran into trouble. Rooney. And Herrera also preferring to use the right. Slammed away by Klavan. Liverpool at the moment struggling to find a way out. They're getting stronger. I think Liverpool need to move into counter-attack mode. Mkhitaryan. No-fire. So it's left to Oliver. And this has been the one way they've looked to try and work the ball up the field out to him. Origi. That's a United's throw. Last couple of minutes Liverpool have sugar to get out. Liverpool getting pressed back. And Carroll sensing that. And this is all from under Herrera to Valencia. Still going. It's over Rooney. Firmino knows him doing that. It's not really going to deal with the danger itself. Danger except for a few seconds. Rojo. Pogba comes back to him. And one of his better days that maybe flies into the top corner. It's wild in the end. Obviously Juan Mata. The considered approach of Juan Mata. And considered by Jose Mourinho. But Liverpool have something similar. In their own locker. And Philippa Coutinho. I'm surprised. It's Origi who comes off the hour mark. I'm surprised. I really am. This is injured. Because if Coutinho isn't a runner, he'll need the counter-attack, you would think, the way the game's gone in these last few minutes. They also need somebody to keep the ball. Which he might be able to do. Yeah, they do. But I think Firmino's going to go up top. Lallana to the right. They've gone back to a conventional 4-3-3 now, Liverpool. Coutinho on that left-hand side. Straight away, Coutinho involved. And they're in here for a second. And Firmino's effort kept out by De Gea, keeping Manchester United in it. There's a chance. Liverpool to take the game away from United. Look at Ronaldo. Immediate impact from Coutinho, his quality's unquestionable. Inverse pass was fantastic. And this was the save from De Gea. And Bojanovic's making it awkward for Lovren then. And here's Rooney. Chan. And Aldon did very well there. The easiest ball to deal with. It's Firmino. Passing with Rojo. Henderson covered a lot of ground there. He thought he could just nick it away and keep Liverpool going forward. As it is, a bit of space where he's vacated. Liverpool have to fill the levels. And here comes Valencia. Rooney. And here is Henderson back on his feet. Molana. Firmino. Pass. And one of the two on there. There was one for Wijnaldum and this one for Coutinho. Reflection on the shot, De Gea desperate to prevent the corner, which he'll do. But it certainly lifted Liverpool, the arrival of Coutinho. Last couple of minutes, they've done a lot better. Just trying to suckle a little bit. The five minutes before that. Mata still waiting to get on. And Jones. Seven bits left now. And, well, as he did in virginia, between one overtime butaco and Mundol Kop n myself, 90 out of 100! � walder said Miami the next afternoon. That's it! Cut a path, a pretty flat penalty area. Hit by Damien again, now Pogba. There's personally some damage to repay. Good work by Mkhitaryan to win it back. Deep enough that Ibrahimović had just drifted away at that back post. Only trying to get there, might get there. Neared by Lovren. APPLAUSE De Gea this time. Not judged defensively by Lovren. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. Could it be? We're gonna think that every time he has a shot. It wasn't one of his best efforts down the years. It wasn't, we've seen it many times over the years, where he shifts it a yard to get it. He gets a touch of Mkhitaryan, try and dink it into the... the ship, the mess of it. One matter. Martialov. Not been his game this time around. One matter. Scored three for Manchester United against Liverpool then. His time here. That's the reverse pass from Coutinho to Firmino, and the save from De Gea. Firmino just doesn't set it out wide enough. Mkhitaryan re-type finish. Firmino again showing the defensive side of his forward play. Mata's gone to the right, as you can see. Mkhitaryan switched over to the left-hand side. That's how the round was pulled out here. Give me the ball if you want. That was infield, so... I'll see more experience, Coutinho. Jammed. Firmino. And that was slow to get to him. And he encouraged the shot. Henderson. Coutinho. Little moments in this match, you feel. Turned by Alexander-Arnold, well. Trying to ease Henderson underneath it. Two England captains of this season. Wijnaldum. And that's what Liverpool need to do, is keep the ball in the United half. As much as possible. Lallana. A real ally now, Coutinho. Played together in the Premier League since November. Coutinho again. Oh, it's Lallana! Just had to swing and hit it and hope. Yeah, difficult one for Lallana. Andrew. Having the more shots. De Gea's goal. THEY CHANT Jovo Himmeloic, Rooney... He's the third man in that move. Good defender, really good covering position. THEY CHANT Haven't heard too much from Jamie Redknapp recently. Jamie, sorry about that, it's been too frantic. I just want to talk about the Coutinho influence, because before he brought him on, I counted five times. Five, six, seven times Liverpool lost their ball in their own half. Since he's come on to the pitch, it's almost been like, it's all right, guys, calm down, give the ball to me, we're gonna be OK. He has been such a great influence, he obviously did straight away with that one reverse ball, and every time he's got it, he's looked to be decisive. Gonna be an interesting 24 minutes or so here, you know, he's lots of play for still, and United are still dangerous, make no mistake, Martin. Particularly the hunger that the captain has been brought on to. Yeah. He's been brought on from the sidelines. THEY CHANT But really, where we are now, Gary, sums up what this fixture's about down the years, the rivalry, the enmity, if you like, hostility, desire for victory. THEY CHANT That was a big, big 24 minutes as well. THEY CHANT Pogba. THEY CHANT And then De Groot. THEY CHANT And then Coutinho. THEY CHANT They stick forward by Mane, that's what's on for him, really. He heads his head up, goes straight to Henderson, his pass goes to Valencia. Both sides guilty of giving the ball away. THEY CHANT Mkhitaryan. THEY CHANT From Herrera to Valencia. THEY CHANT Jones, look to see whether the big diagonal was on, but it didn't suit him. Moutinho just got back, that's the only drop from Mata. In by Mata. Too close to Mignolet. He's defining his doubters and keeping Jose Mourinho's team. They haven't scored a number against Liverpool. Away and now almost 70 minutes at home. Rooney. Wrestling with Wijnaldum. Rooney. That's a free kick. It's gone Liverpool as well. They did it one way, then the other. A strange one. It was a 50-50 where he's hurt Milner. That was a poor challenge from Wayne Rooney. A very poor challenge. Oliver. And went up, actually, for Manchester United. Free kick initially. He's lucky to get away without a card there, Wayne Rooney. And behind Salah... He's better... Top-uan Spurs look not bought for Val Promised Gabela. They will have to play a little bit longer. Stunned by the onlar hops to the right. This is the kind ofули... the Regnerdens both Spicy in愀 spare us now. After. He needs a chance to bourn one, but to be fair nothingэ æs terrible. deux forces a year abroad. APPLAUSE The types stay down, James Milner, but he's hurt. Still pretty relaxed in a situation where they'll be counting away the seconds from Liverpool's point of view, as ever, in tandem, as they were on the pitch. So many great years for Liverpool. FANS ROAR Wayne Child was goal-suit. THEY LAUGH Kenny Dalvlish, of course, the last manager to win the league with Liverpool. Just checking whether there's been any retribution for Wayne Rooney. THEY CHANT We'll just throw forward briefly to next Sunday. We start with Southampton against Leicester. We follow that up with Arsenal against Birmingham. And we follow that up with Chelsea against Hull. And then we have a great hiatus from the gripping action here. We're... ..losing. Particularly from Manchester United's point of view, a loser today, should they lose, having worked so hard to get themselves back into an outsider's role in contention, but still mentioned in dispatches. THEY CHANT It would be massive for Liverpool if they can see it through here. It'll be a huge win. What a mini-stumble they've had in the last week or two. THEY CHANT They haven't won a game yet in 2017. THEY CHANT Yes, in front of Sunderland, they gave away two penalties. THEY CHANT 2-2, Plymouth game, a youthful team. THEY CHANT And, of course, losing it. Losing it, Southampton won the first leg. Another terminal defeat, it could have been. THEY CHANT They weren't so good for today, but... ..Jürgen Klopp has been able to get his team to do, in these big away games in the Premier League since he took over... THEY CHANT ..an alarm. THEY CHANT It's a different type of performance today than in the old games that you talk about, some of them were electrifying, some of them were quiet in that today. But they've been effective. THEY CHANT Lovren. And indeed the goalkeeper has delivered. THEY CHANT And that's it. They're almost there to be won, and they've all won it. Coutinho. THEY CHANT Well done! Beautifully done. Oh, it's on Stunner. So beautifully done, that. THEY CHANT Because of the rebuilding at Anfield, Liverpool's season is slightly skewed. It might work to their advantage after today, only seven more away games, and ten to come at home when they are unbeaten. A man who knows Merseyside well, Marouane Fellaini. THEY CHANT And a lot of the gestures of faith from Jose Mourinho recently. THEY CHANT Could he... ..come on and spoil Liverpool's day, spoil Merseyside's day? After a terrific victory for Everton over Manchester City. THEY CHANT And you can see he comes off. Liverpool win the Qatar, he don't think... ..ruining to the left. Don't think Fellaini. Moving more towards central striker with Ibrahimovic. Could he go a bit more direct, crosses into the box, pressurise that Liverpool defence that way? THEY CHANT Ghanian. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Pogba. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Pogba knows to get the honour and chant. Firmino, Chan involved again. Forward for Liverpool. THEY CHANT And that would have been a glorious goal by Wijnaldum. Coming in behind Phil Jones, who just limped a little bit away from that. It would have summed up Paul Pogba's day, that would. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Too long on the ball, not sure what he's doing. THEY CHANT Liverpool break quickly, as always, with numbers, speed, it's a really good chance for Wijnaldum. THEY CHANT They're moving the clock. THEY CHANT Bring it down on your chest. THEY CHANT So it's Damian who's gone off. THEY CHANT Well, Fellaini's gone to where we thought he would, from Mkhitaryan to left-back and William Rooney to the left-hand side of midfield for United. THEY CHANT And Mkhitaryan trying all he knows. THEY CHANT He's come up with a formula to at least get a point. Even that would be... THEY CHANT He wants crosses. ..pointing. They say crosses, whip it in, right foot and put it into the box. THEY CHANT They're taking the high road, aren't they, Manchester United, with Fellaini and Ibrahimović. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're not able to build anything up at this moment in time, Manchester United. I think that Milner injury just take the stinking out of him. I think that Milner injury just take the stinking out of him. It's not really got going since. It's quiet in the stadium. THEY CHANT They're looking pretty comfortable in this period. Inter fans frustrated. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're coming together with Rojo. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT MANHATTAN dingen MANHATTAN THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT IMAE IMAE TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds the real dangerous crosses in, causing Liverpool problems. Jamie Redknapp, I know, with Liverpool in your heart, how are you feeling? You're not meant to give my secrets away, but I've just started to... Obviously, the way that United are going to shape up now, they're going to look to get the ball into the box. You've brought on Fellaini, and this feels like they're going to be extremely direct. I just hope we don't regret that Origi, that he's come off the pitch, maybe from a set piece, because he does give us a bit of presence in there. And they're going to try and bombard Liverpool, they're going to try and make it difficult and get Fellaini on the ball. But I think Liverpool look comfortable, and certainly from the breakaway, anything can happen. They've got that lovely pace when they go forward. Thanks, Jamie. Tactic is United. You've got Mata, a left-footer on the right, Rooney, a right-footer on the left, to get down the line and cut back and whip those. Almost like in-swinging, three kicks, you can imagine it that way. Well done. And he's done that well, and he's peeled off straight into the box. Mourinho wants crosses, and here comes one from Valencia. Ibrahimovic and Fellaini going for it, the flag's gone up. The wrong areas to cross from, you don't cross from those areas. I don't think they're the crosses that Jose Mourinho wants, or that will worry the Liverpool defenders. Far too deep. You've got to play your way in to more dangerous areas. That's just hoiking it into the box. I see Mata and Ibrahimovic offside. I think they're going to be the best crossers in the ground, sitting up there underneath the cap. And the second best sitting alongside me. Decoy runner. Quite a combination there. Paired by Rotho. He's going direct and going direct. You've got to go direct from good positions. But he's got to go straight. And the lads are just lumping it at the moment, United. You've still got to play, you've still got to pass, you've got to work your way forward, like that. Mata. Hogbert a bit slow to pick himself up. Liverpool scurrying back in numbers. Hogbert. For Fellaini. Just. Just. straight passes from deep it's no good off that like this I mean there for Liverpool Patino experienced players out there for United matter you didn't have it for lady Rudy experience got settled down still a long way to go in this game probably 15 minutes maybe more the result it's all about to force in it and playing those long balls forward faster really just because he's on continue again another free kick understandably taking their time over it optics 80 except that the ball the back foot patino's fantastic lesson how you should receive a pass and control it on the heart to looking over your shoulder before you see that my Jones defensively United when Alden Lana and the ball in the game to here and the physicality of stamina given belief last 10 minutes at Old Trafford when you're the visiting team and the final score you better be there alright that was a very very amazing some test from Eva Mavich come brother has a better area they were too hard on one advantage matters that's a very interesting between not offside way ruining couldn't see Alexander Allen could have the assistant through that right to his side yeah he wouldn't have seen him I've got some sympathy for him there is eleni pulled out of that is ruining again for me an extra body they invariably get one this time it was Adam Alana Morgan Cox went absolutely crazy absolutely crazy at club and lost that challenge against Fellaini centre-back you can't lose those free header here Jones United have played this last six seven minutes like there's 30 seconds left Valencia and Adam again heating up the ground Valencia good cross through the ball Rooney gets it down Fellaini still there Ibrahimović that's it definitely in well the tower of power has come to the rescue for Manchester United seven minutes to go they're thinking about winning it now football SLAM we're gonna see if they can make it in the FA esto Will Corsta He gets the strength in his neck muscles just to be able to get the power on it to beat Mignolet. Fellaini. Well, it was a cross into the box that did it. Two crosses really, short crosses. One from Rooney and then one from Valencia. And here comes... Mkhitaryan. He got crosses in from good areas. I have to say, these last couple of months, there has been a feeling that... it has been a little bit like the old United. Scoring goals late on, winning when they're not playing quite well. Getting a little bit of luck, like it was offside there, maybe Valencia. Fellaini. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. The 19th goal of the season already for Zlatan Ibrahimovic. 14 in the Premier League and still time for more here. Valencia. It's a brilliant header from Ibrahimovic, it really is. To get the height on it and get it over Mignolet took some doing. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR JONES... JONES.. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Nata. FANS ROAR And the weigh-in was set. Some counter-attacks on as well for Liverpool. COTIHNO. They're in winning the match mode in the committing bodies forward. And here's Lallana... Liverpool come again. CHAN. CHAN. CHAN. APPLAUSE It's Jones who gets him away. Wijnaldum, he's still never scored a Premier League away goal in Newcastle in his season there, all for Liverpool. There was a chance Phil Jones was three or four yards off him, he should have shifted the ball a little bit more, he just stopped the ball, Wijnaldum, and made it easier for Jones to block it. FANS ROAR In the first half, Manchester United really troubled by Liverpool's corners. Fellaini there to help now. As soon as United scored, we see the ball back, and so will the rest of the players. Ibrahimovic was just racing back to be there for the restart. But here's Adam Lallana, and a pick away through it comes off Fellaini, not seen as a back pass. Manchester United look to turn this dramatically around. Liverpool leading for so long. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. MacGyver had a good front-on view at that, home ball. Shaw. Darius. koykiseobuig치butteb Scalopoulos has some. 알아서 needs to get it back does get it back free kick to Liverpool surprise. if there's five minutes. I've added time, shall I say, to think about on the benches. Soko, Dubac's assistant, with advice to the boss. Headed on by Firmino. Taranek bounces off Rooney. Wijnaldum is there. Liverpool. They're not finished yet. The flag was up for a while. This is another angle of the goal. Fellaini hits the post. It's kept alive. It's low. Crosses low from Valencia. Really well to get that up and over. Mignolet with the power. Well, he's got his first goal against Liverpool. He wanted his first win. He's got a minute plus maybe as many as five. We'll see. Goal! It's difficult. They've been rushing it a little bit, United. They're not going to force it forward too quickly. They have a goal back. We'll see now. Both officials putting their time up. Coulson is the man. Oh, that's not Firmino. And Ricard has a bit more work to do here. Pogba in the bench. And biting Valencia. He's made the equaliser to try and play a part in a winner. Mata. Firmino. Oh, and Herrera. Oh, dear. Firmino's in trouble there. Could be red for Firmino and Poncello. It was a retaliatory act. I mean, it's cynical from Herrera, but Firmino's lucky. It is cynical. He's given the free kick away. It's a definite yellow card. He doesn't want the counter-attack. He didn't push him in the face. It was the top of the chest. It's usually the dividing line between yellow and red. I'm surprised it's only four minutes. Mm. Is there a winner in it? I don't think so. I think it's a tie. Liverpool look for it here. It's Lovren. Here goes Lallana. The armours. And we'll never forget this day. Until we remember it much happier. He's not on the losing side. Fellaini. Oh, well. But it's a tie. Oh, it's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. Oh, yes. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. Henderson. Here is Alexander-Arnold, easing it on for Firmino. It's Coutinho, trying to set up Lallana. Coutinho's there again. And again. Now it's Rooney. Mkhitaryan. Henderson. A lung-bursting run to get there. And then just stuck in behind by Lovren. And Reduce. And he's hurting. With the pressure. He's hurting there, Jordan, as he's moving back. As we've seen, he's not going to be able to get out of the corner. He's got to get out there. He's got to get out. And then, of course, he's got to get out of the corner. He's got to get out of the corner. He's got to get out of the corner. A bit of pressure. He's hurting there, Jordan, as we've moved back. Good challenge. Down by Alexander-Arnold in the circumference. He needs a runner down, that's the only ball he's got on. No-one was making himself available for it. Liverpool have belatedly Coutinho, and then Rojo... Straight to Firmino, Coutinho, Chan, they've got Wijnaldum there as well. Wijnaldum! Straight at De Gea. Halfway through, added time. What a chance. It's United's turn now. Lovren, but it only drops for Rooney. Is it in the script, is it in the stars? Not like that. That ball pass really is from Wayne Rooney. Coutinho. Forced it far too much, United. Goal aside, they haven't played well in this last 15 minutes. Firmino. In for Coutinho, Jones, who would like to win it in the air. Likewise, Ibrahimovic. And he's... I think the phrase hit me, Coutinho, once it's set up properly. They're saying calm down. They haven't shown too much composure, this team. They've forced it far too much to have an opportunity to play. Probably one final pass. With Apul staying high. We're trying to hold that line. These days it's Jose time, but for so many years, Fergie time. So fruitful for Manchester United. Fellaini. And Mata. And Mignolet. That's probably it. Mignolet is back. Crazy distribution. Firmino was too lazy. And Rudi has one more crack, and he might still have another crack. In by Valencia. Headed out by Firmino. It's going to be collected here by Phil Jones. Certainly going to be one more cross coming in from Antonio Valencia, but not very far. Charged down by Milner. One man wants that final whistle more than anybody else. Mignolet. Here it is. Alexander-Arnold heads it away. Still time for Rooney. In towards Fellaini. And there's a push. Do you have to do Man of the Match? Well, it's over. And here we are. Level pegging. Liverpool have ended Manchester United's impressive winning run. The first time in 25 Premier League seasons that these two great rivals have drawn both league matches. It keeps the gap between the two at five points. Jürgen Klopp's side led through Milner's first-half penalty. And it seemed that might be enough. Until Zlatan Ibrahimovic found a header to find a point. Gary Neville. Yeah, I don't think either team have been at their absolute best today. It's been a big struggle of a game. Liverpool will be happy.