after the end of half time, whether it was Jose Mourinho or just put Wayne Rooney out there on the edge of that record, I think Michael Carrick was out of sorts in the first half I don't know if it was an injury, he certainly wasn't himself Wayne Rooney's come on in the number 10 position, Pogba and Herrera will flatten up in midfield and play as a two Pogba given no time well so far it's been Merseyside's day but it could change by a Liverpool lad he's never been afraid, Jose Mourinho, to make early changes in games he's done it again here's Milder, scoring the only goal so far by Mkhitaryan, the assistant, lagging on the far side he just follows through a little bit, and he does, just do it Mkhitaryan Carvin to take the free kick Jones to meet it from Manchester United and Ibrahimovic running off him he has感 induced a disturb, dangerous feeling for Hull, but yeah, saben he just has to focus, Tomato and Ho suggestions Virgilio maybe trying to become出 the artist and Lech Boulia in post in a situation like this, when it's one of Boulia's winning國aletto, das Deal 3 galas A tough man, great one Domingo is preferences there, he let Malgr confirming, and Ypt guards good acá dijo quepoweray, suspingün website I'll leave the below part in theopedia for the rest of the show ball 못 acelerar por alłączamäntisva to a forces large enough, he and Orlando Bale, we obviously must give them way that do it and also Ásia have lost 4 goals as well soon after the chip was TI show Trouble for United at the back. Put the bat away from home, a simple principle, it's an old-fashioned thing to say, but where you're centre-forward, you're looking to occupy, make it difficult for the centre-backs. He's certainly done that, Origi. As I've seen him in the last couple of months, Rojo and Jones. Valencia. Valencia again. Higuain. Herrera. Fabinho, you can sense the anxiety from the Old Trafford crowd. Misplaced pass from Herrera, and Liverpool following that, push forward with the four. Including Divock Origi. And there's a nick on that, and it's a corner. The angle we were at, you couldn't tell when it was going to go, and Nessel in that top corner, got a deflection off Bill Jones. It's a good break from Liverpool. Off Manchester United quickly. And who's going to pick up Lovren? I don't think it's going to be Paul Pogba. Or is it Wayne Rooney? Or is it none of them? At the moment he's free. Liverpool setting up so that Klavan is the screen really. So Lovren can let Klavan barrel into United and Lovren can peel away. Which he duly does. And... And... Actually makes the ball. And then there's a... Pushed by... Chan. It's an interesting but strange tactic. Paul Pogba is standing three or four yards off Lovren, as if to say, I'm going to have a run at you with it. I have to say, not a conventional way to mark on corners. You usually say be body to body. You see where Pogba is waiting for him to come out. That's obviously something to discuss. I have to say, it's a strange tactic. You always say be body to body, be man against man, don't let him run. Only trying to get a corner out of this. Which he... He's done. And he'll take it himself. And a hit. Lovren dealt with it at the near post. Lovren! And... And Lovren defends well for Liverpool again. Rooney. Waldorf Henderson. Fired it across. Fired by Milner. And here comes Valencia. I wasn't expecting this. APPLAUSE the whistle was blown there's the mini lay there it's the landing blocks go towards the edge of that six yard box that space is his he's not there he left it to did the job by Jones Martial Lovren's clearance has more height than distance Jose Mourinho has been calling for starting to materialise here Lovren jumping with Ibrahimovic he's hoping that someone was running in behind there maybe Rooney probably should have been I think when Rooney heads that back towards Ibrahimovic he may just make the bend he's running behind Martial might get to this first nice time to set nice to slip into the Martial Rojo gets it down can't carry the ball forward frenetic at the moment here's Lallana eventually thanks for Liverpool since the resumption in a way it was struggling with that back pass in the first half it's a bit more decisive this time it was it was it was picked up his line more decisive more positive probably his worst moment of a very good first half that one where he did half going really against Ibrahimovic on that 50-50 by Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Looney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney ho novel He's morning over the restarts no chamber hebert of him in final the new he sh he sign Ro egg bout A little bit of inexperience again, caught by Martial. And they might be heavily punished here, because it's Mkhitaryan bearing down on goal! And neither Martial nor Riri could touch it into the net. There was too much weight on it for Mkhitaryan, he had to play it across slower, he fires it across, he needs to roll it past... Mignolet, he gets caught, the young boy at right-back. And the counter-attacks there, it's a good first touch by Ibrahimovic, Milner's caught forward, and he doesn't need to put too much weight in it, roll it across. And a drive from Damian that's led to this corner. I have to say, they have big chances, United, big chances. The Manchester Reds trying to rouse themselves here. Jordan Henderson, I think, speaking up for Alexander-Arnold, he might have been fouled, but he didn't look like a foul from our angle. Rojo going to the near post, there comes Mignolet, that's the punch. That's a catch. Jones mindful of being caught. Firmino in the first half, not a good kick by De Gea this time. Alana cleverly traversing that to Chan. And Mignolet, thinking that Origi might get that. Valencia, some of his control distribution, De Gea, did fantastic, so composed so far. Again. And from Damian, met by Lovren. And here's Henderson. You can take a page out of the story of this fixture in the history books down the years, and what you're seeing now will fit into each story. It's a real scrap at the moment, with Mourinho's men trying to repair the damage. Feels like it's getting more important this game, the tension's building. Pogba. The sense of slightly more self-control in the second half. And Herrera. Unable to intervene. Really unable to keep it. And Herrera's working really hard, he's really on the run. Cup fight. He might have an angle on it, but he's not able to keep it. He's able to deal with it. There's just some danger late sometimes, Clive, and if the run's going behind him, he can act again there to Wayne Roonis. Interesting how the players there, Gary, were feeling that Mignolet had hung on to the ball. There was an incident, I think in a European game at Anfield, where he was penalised for that, and it cost a goal. And infringing that, never used. Too slow. But rarely too slow. Can't blame him. Wasting a little bit of time and just slowing the game down a little bit. Dianne with the throw. Roja. He used the full-width of the pitch again, and now it's up to Herrera, unable to pick out Valencia. That's the only way to win it back. This is what Liverpool have got to contend with now. An authentic Old Trafford atmosphere, and Manchester United trying to look like the authentic club that won these 13 Premier League titles. It hasn't been easy in recent seasons to stamp that image on their performances. Here's Martial. A few Liverpool players to deal with the threat. He wasn't comfortable. He's not going to give up. He's going to keep going. He's left-foot Martial. Mane ran into trouble. Rooney. And Herrera also preferring to use the right. Slammed away by Klavan. Liverpool at the moment struggling to find a way out. They're getting stronger. I think Liverpool need to move into counter-attack mode. Mkhitaryan. No-fire. So it's left to Oliver. And this has been the one way they've looked to try and work the ball up the field out to him. Origi. That's a United's throw. Last couple of minutes Liverpool have sugar to get out. Liverpool getting pressed back. And Carroll sensing that. And this is all from under Herrera to Valencia. Still going. It's over Rooney. Firmino knows him doing that. It's not really going to deal with the danger itself. Danger except for a few seconds. Rojo. Pogba comes back to him. And one of his better days that maybe flies into the top corner. It's wild in the end. Obviously Juan Mata. The considered approach of Juan Mata. And considered by Jose Mourinho. But Liverpool have something similar. In their own locker. And Philippa Coutinho. I'm surprised. It's Origi who comes off the hour mark. I'm surprised. I really am. This is injured. Because if Coutinho isn't a runner, he'll need the counter-attack, you would think, the way the game's gone in these last few minutes. They also need somebody to keep the ball. Which he might be able to do. Yeah, they do. But I think Firmino's going to go up top. Lallana to the right. They've gone back to a conventional 4-3-3 now, Liverpool. Coutinho on that left-hand side. Straight away, Coutinho involved. And they're in here for a second. And Firmino's effort kept out by De Gea, keeping Manchester United in it. There's a chance. Liverpool to take the game away from United. Look at Ronaldo. Immediate impact from Coutinho, his quality's unquestionable. Inverse pass was fantastic. And this was the save from De Gea. And Bojanovic's making it awkward for Lovren then. And here's Rooney. Chan. And Aldon did very well there. The easiest ball to deal with. It's Firmino. Passing with Rojo. Henderson covered a lot of ground there. He thought he could just nick it away and keep Liverpool going forward. As it is, a bit of space where he's vacated. Liverpool have to fill the levels. And here comes Valencia. Rooney. And here is Henderson back on his feet. Molana. Firmino. Pass. And one of the two on there. There was one for Wijnaldum and this one for Coutinho. Reflection on the shot, De Gea desperate to prevent the corner, which he'll do. But it certainly lifted Liverpool, the arrival of Coutinho. Last couple of minutes, they've done a lot better. Just trying to suckle a little bit. The five minutes before that. Mata still waiting to get on. And Jones. Seven bits left now. And, well, as he did in virginia, between one overtime butaco and Mundol Kop n myself, 90 out of 100! � walder said Miami the next afternoon. That's it! Cut a path, a pretty flat penalty area. Hit by Damien again, now Pogba. There's personally some damage to repay. Good work by Mkhitaryan to win it back. Deep enough that Ibrahimović had just drifted away at that back post. Only trying to get there, might get there. Neared by Lovren. APPLAUSE De Gea this time. Not judged defensively by Lovren. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. Could it be? We're gonna think that every time he has a shot. It wasn't one of his best efforts down the years. It wasn't, we've seen it many times over the years, where he shifts it a yard to get it. He gets a touch of Mkhitaryan, try and dink it into the... the ship, the mess of it. One matter. Martialov. Not been his game this time around. One matter. Scored three for Manchester United against Liverpool then. His time here. That's the reverse pass from Coutinho to Firmino, and the save from De Gea. Firmino just doesn't set it out wide enough. Mkhitaryan re-type finish. Firmino again showing the defensive side of his forward play. Mata's gone to the right, as you can see. Mkhitaryan switched over to the left-hand side. That's how the round was pulled out here. Give me the ball if you want. That was infield, so... I'll see more experience, Coutinho. Jammed. Firmino. And that was slow to get to him. And he encouraged the shot. Henderson. Coutinho. Little moments in this match, you feel. Turned by Alexander-Arnold, well. Trying to ease Henderson underneath it. Two England captains of this season. Wijnaldum. And that's what Liverpool need to do, is keep the ball in the United half. As much as possible. Lallana. A real ally now, Coutinho. Played together in the Premier League since November. Coutinho again. Oh, it's Lallana! Just had to swing and hit it and hope. Yeah, difficult one for Lallana. Andrew. Having the more shots. De Gea's goal. THEY CHANT Jovo Himmeloic, Rooney... He's the third man in that move. Good defender, really good covering position. THEY CHANT Haven't heard too much from Jamie Redknapp recently. Jamie, sorry about that, it's been too frantic. I just want to talk about the Coutinho influence, because before he brought him on, I counted five times. Five, six, seven times Liverpool lost their ball in their own half. Since he's come on to the pitch, it's almost been like, it's all right, guys, calm down, give the ball to me, we're gonna be OK. He has been such a great influence, he obviously did straight away with that one reverse ball, and every time he's got it, he's looked to be decisive. Gonna be an interesting 24 minutes or so here, you know, he's lots of play for still, and United are still dangerous, make no mistake, Martin. Particularly the hunger that the captain has been brought on to. Yeah. He's been brought on from the sidelines. THEY CHANT But really, where we are now, Gary, sums up what this fixture's about down the years, the rivalry, the enmity, if you like, hostility, desire for victory. THEY CHANT That was a big, big 24 minutes as well. THEY CHANT Pogba. THEY CHANT And then De Groot. THEY CHANT And then Coutinho. THEY CHANT They stick forward by Mane, that's what's on for him, really. He heads his head up, goes straight to Henderson, his pass goes to Valencia. Both sides guilty of giving the ball away. THEY CHANT Mkhitaryan. THEY CHANT From Herrera to Valencia. THEY CHANT Jones, look to see whether the big diagonal was on, but it didn't suit him. Moutinho just got back, that's the only drop from Mata. In by Mata. Too close to Mignolet. He's defining his doubters and keeping Jose Mourinho's team. They haven't scored a number against Liverpool. Away and now almost 70 minutes at home. Rooney. Wrestling with Wijnaldum. Rooney. That's a free kick. It's gone Liverpool as well. They did it one way, then the other. A strange one. It was a 50-50 where he's hurt Milner. That was a poor challenge from Wayne Rooney. A very poor challenge. Oliver. And went up, actually, for Manchester United. Free kick initially. He's lucky to get away without a card there, Wayne Rooney. And behind Salah... He's better... Top-uan Spurs look not bought for Val Promised Gabela. They will have to play a little bit longer. Stunned by the onlar hops to the right. This is the kind ofули... the Regnerdens both Spicy in愀 spare us now. After. He needs a chance to bourn one, but to be fair nothingэ æs terrible. deux forces a year abroad. APPLAUSE The types stay down, James Milner, but he's hurt. Still pretty relaxed in a situation where they'll be counting away the seconds from Liverpool's point of view, as ever, in tandem, as they were on the pitch. So many great years for Liverpool. FANS ROAR Wayne Child was goal-suit. THEY LAUGH Kenny Dalvlish, of course, the last manager to win the league with Liverpool. Just checking whether there's been any retribution for Wayne Rooney. THEY CHANT We'll just throw forward briefly to next Sunday. We start with Southampton against Leicester. We follow that up with Arsenal against Birmingham. And we follow that up with Chelsea against Hull. And then we have a great hiatus from the gripping action here. We're... ..losing. Particularly from Manchester United's point of view, a loser today, should they lose, having worked so hard to get themselves back into an outsider's role in contention, but still mentioned in dispatches. THEY CHANT It would be massive for Liverpool if they can see it through here. It'll be a huge win. What a mini-stumble they've had in the last week or two. THEY CHANT They haven't won a game yet in 2017. THEY CHANT Yes, in front of Sunderland, they gave away two penalties. THEY CHANT 2-2, Plymouth game, a youthful team. THEY CHANT And, of course, losing it. Losing it, Southampton won the first leg. Another terminal defeat, it could have been. THEY CHANT They weren't so good for today, but... ..Jürgen Klopp has been able to get his team to do, in these big away games in the Premier League since he took over... THEY CHANT ..an alarm. THEY CHANT It's a different type of performance today than in the old games that you talk about, some of them were electrifying, some of them were quiet in that today. But they've been effective. THEY CHANT Lovren. And indeed the goalkeeper has delivered. THEY CHANT And that's it. They're almost there to be won, and they've all won it. Coutinho. THEY CHANT Well done! Beautifully done. Oh, it's on Stunner. So beautifully done, that. THEY CHANT Because of the rebuilding at Anfield, Liverpool's season is slightly skewed. It might work to their advantage after today, only seven more away games, and ten to come at home when they are unbeaten. A man who knows Merseyside well, Marouane Fellaini. THEY CHANT And a lot of the gestures of faith from Jose Mourinho recently. THEY CHANT Could he... ..come on and spoil Liverpool's day, spoil Merseyside's day? After a terrific victory for Everton over Manchester City. THEY CHANT And you can see he comes off. Liverpool win the Qatar, he don't think... ..ruining to the left. Don't think Fellaini. Moving more towards central striker with Ibrahimovic. Could he go a bit more direct, crosses into the box, pressurise that Liverpool defence that way? THEY CHANT Ghanian. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Pogba. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Pogba knows to get the honour and chant. Firmino, Chan involved again. Forward for Liverpool. THEY CHANT And that would have been a glorious goal by Wijnaldum. Coming in behind Phil Jones, who just limped a little bit away from that. It would have summed up Paul Pogba's day, that would. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Too long on the ball, not sure what he's doing. THEY CHANT Liverpool break quickly, as always, with numbers, speed, it's a really good chance for Wijnaldum. THEY CHANT They're moving the clock. THEY CHANT Bring it down on your chest. THEY CHANT So it's Damian who's gone off. THEY CHANT Well, Fellaini's gone to where we thought he would, from Mkhitaryan to left-back and William Rooney to the left-hand side of midfield for United. THEY CHANT And Mkhitaryan trying all he knows. THEY CHANT He's come up with a formula to at least get a point. Even that would be... THEY CHANT He wants crosses. ..pointing. They say crosses, whip it in, right foot and put it into the box. THEY CHANT They're taking the high road, aren't they, Manchester United, with Fellaini and Ibrahimović. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're not able to build anything up at this moment in time, Manchester United. I think that Milner injury just take the stinking out of him. I think that Milner injury just take the stinking out of him. It's not really got going since. It's quiet in the stadium. THEY CHANT They're looking pretty comfortable in this period. Inter fans frustrated. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're coming together with Rojo. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT MANHATTAN dingen MANHATTAN THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT IMAE IMAE TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds TAM Minds the real dangerous crosses in, causing Liverpool problems. Jamie Redknapp, I know, with Liverpool in your heart, how are you feeling? You're not meant to give my secrets away, but I've just started to... Obviously, the way that United are going to shape up now, they're going to look to get the ball into the box. You've brought on Fellaini, and this feels like they're going to be extremely direct. I just hope we don't regret that Origi, that he's come off the pitch, maybe from a set piece, because he does give us a bit of presence in there. And they're going to try and bombard Liverpool, they're going to try and make it difficult and get Fellaini on the ball. But I think Liverpool look comfortable, and certainly from the breakaway, anything can happen. They've got that lovely pace when they go forward. Thanks, Jamie. Tactic is United. You've got Mata, a left-footer on the right, Rooney, a right-footer on the left, to get down the line and cut back and whip those. Almost like in-swinging, three kicks, you can imagine it that way. Well done. And he's done that well, and he's peeled off straight into the box. Mourinho wants crosses, and here comes one from Valencia. Ibrahimovic and Fellaini going for it, the flag's gone up. The wrong areas to cross from, you don't cross from those areas. I don't think they're the crosses that Jose Mourinho wants, or that will worry the Liverpool defenders. Far too deep. You've got to play your way in to more dangerous areas. That's just hoiking it into the box. I see Mata and Ibrahimovic offside. I think they're going to be the best crossers in the ground, sitting up there underneath the cap. And the second best sitting alongside me. Decoy runner. Quite a combination there. Paired by Rotho. He's going direct and going direct. You've got to go direct from good positions. But he's got to go straight. And the lads are just lumping it at the moment, United. You've still got to play, you've still got to pass, you've got to work your way forward, like that. Mata. Hogbert a bit slow to pick himself up. Liverpool scurrying back in numbers. Hogbert. For Fellaini. Just. Just. straight passes from deep it's no good off that like this I mean there for Liverpool Patino experienced players out there for United matter you didn't have it for lady Rudy experience got settled down still a long way to go in this game probably 15 minutes maybe more the result it's all about to force in it and playing those long balls forward faster really just because he's on continue again another free kick understandably taking their time over it optics 80 except that the ball the back foot patino's fantastic lesson how you should receive a pass and control it on the heart to looking over your shoulder before you see that my Jones defensively United when Alden Lana and the ball in the game to here and the physicality of stamina given belief last 10 minutes at Old Trafford when you're the visiting team and the final score you better be there alright that was a very very amazing some test from Eva Mavich come brother has a better area they were too hard on one advantage matters that's a very interesting between not offside way ruining couldn't see Alexander Allen could have the assistant through that right to his side yeah he wouldn't have seen him I've got some sympathy for him there is eleni pulled out of that is ruining again for me an extra body they invariably get one this time it was Adam Alana Morgan Cox went absolutely crazy absolutely crazy at club and lost that challenge against Fellaini centre-back you can't lose those free header here Jones United have played this last six seven minutes like there's 30 seconds left Valencia and Adam again heating up the ground Valencia good cross through the ball Rooney gets it down Fellaini still there Ibrahimović that's it definitely in well the tower of power has come to the rescue for Manchester United seven minutes to go they're thinking about winning it now football SLAM we're gonna see if they can make it in the FA esto Will Corsta He gets the strength in his neck muscles just to be able to get the power on it to beat Mignolet. Fellaini. Well, it was a cross into the box that did it. Two crosses really, short crosses. One from Rooney and then one from Valencia. And here comes... Mkhitaryan. He got crosses in from good areas. I have to say, these last couple of months, there has been a feeling that... it has been a little bit like the old United. Scoring goals late on, winning when they're not playing quite well. Getting a little bit of luck, like it was offside there, maybe Valencia. Fellaini. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. The 19th goal of the season already for Zlatan Ibrahimovic. 14 in the Premier League and still time for more here. Valencia. It's a brilliant header from Ibrahimovic, it really is. To get the height on it and get it over Mignolet took some doing. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR JONES... JONES.. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Nata. FANS ROAR And the weigh-in was set. Some counter-attacks on as well for Liverpool. COTIHNO. They're in winning the match mode in the committing bodies forward. And here's Lallana... Liverpool come again. CHAN. CHAN. CHAN. APPLAUSE It's Jones who gets him away. Wijnaldum, he's still never scored a Premier League away goal in Newcastle in his season there, all for Liverpool. There was a chance Phil Jones was three or four yards off him, he should have shifted the ball a little bit more, he just stopped the ball, Wijnaldum, and made it easier for Jones to block it. FANS ROAR In the first half, Manchester United really troubled by Liverpool's corners. Fellaini there to help now. As soon as United scored, we see the ball back, and so will the rest of the players. Ibrahimovic was just racing back to be there for the restart. But here's Adam Lallana, and a pick away through it comes off Fellaini, not seen as a back pass. Manchester United look to turn this dramatically around. Liverpool leading for so long. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. MacGyver had a good front-on view at that, home ball. Shaw. Darius. koykiseobuig치butteb Scalopoulos has some. 알아서 needs to get it back does get it back free kick to Liverpool surprise. if there's five minutes. I've added time, shall I say, to think about on the benches. Soko, Dubac's assistant, with advice to the boss. Headed on by Firmino. Taranek bounces off Rooney. Wijnaldum is there. Liverpool. They're not finished yet. The flag was up for a while. This is another angle of the goal. Fellaini hits the post. It's kept alive. It's low. Crosses low from Valencia. Really well to get that up and over. Mignolet with the power. Well, he's got his first goal against Liverpool. He wanted his first win. He's got a minute plus maybe as many as five. We'll see. Goal! It's difficult. They've been rushing it a little bit, United. They're not going to force it forward too quickly. They have a goal back. We'll see now. Both officials putting their time up. Coulson is the man. Oh, that's not Firmino. And Ricard has a bit more work to do here. Pogba in the bench. And biting Valencia. He's made the equaliser to try and play a part in a winner. Mata. Firmino. Oh, and Herrera. Oh, dear. Firmino's in trouble there. Could be red for Firmino and Poncello. It was a retaliatory act. I mean, it's cynical from Herrera, but Firmino's lucky. It is cynical. He's given the free kick away. It's a definite yellow card. He doesn't want the counter-attack. He didn't push him in the face. It was the top of the chest. It's usually the dividing line between yellow and red. I'm surprised it's only four minutes. Mm. Is there a winner in it? I don't think so. I think it's a tie. Liverpool look for it here. It's Lovren. Here goes Lallana. The armours. And we'll never forget this day. Until we remember it much happier. He's not on the losing side. Fellaini. Oh, well. But it's a tie. Oh, it's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. Oh, yes. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. It's a tie. Henderson. Here is Alexander-Arnold, easing it on for Firmino. It's Coutinho, trying to set up Lallana. Coutinho's there again. And again. Now it's Rooney. Mkhitaryan. Henderson. A lung-bursting run to get there. And then just stuck in behind by Lovren. And Reduce. And he's hurting. With the pressure. He's hurting there, Jordan, as he's moving back. As we've seen, he's not going to be able to get out of the corner. He's got to get out there. He's got to get out. And then, of course, he's got to get out of the corner. He's got to get out of the corner. He's got to get out of the corner. A bit of pressure. He's hurting there, Jordan, as we've moved back. Good challenge. Down by Alexander-Arnold in the circumference. He needs a runner down, that's the only ball he's got on. No-one was making himself available for it. Liverpool have belatedly Coutinho, and then Rojo... Straight to Firmino, Coutinho, Chan, they've got Wijnaldum there as well. Wijnaldum! Straight at De Gea. Halfway through, added time. What a chance. It's United's turn now. Lovren, but it only drops for Rooney. Is it in the script, is it in the stars? Not like that. That ball pass really is from Wayne Rooney. Coutinho. Forced it far too much, United. Goal aside, they haven't played well in this last 15 minutes. Firmino. In for Coutinho, Jones, who would like to win it in the air. Likewise, Ibrahimovic. And he's... I think the phrase hit me, Coutinho, once it's set up properly. They're saying calm down. They haven't shown too much composure, this team. They've forced it far too much to have an opportunity to play. Probably one final pass. With Apul staying high. We're trying to hold that line. These days it's Jose time, but for so many years, Fergie time. So fruitful for Manchester United. Fellaini. And Mata. And Mignolet. That's probably it. Mignolet is back. Crazy distribution. Firmino was too lazy. And Rudi has one more crack, and he might still have another crack. In by Valencia. Headed out by Firmino. It's going to be collected here by Phil Jones. Certainly going to be one more cross coming in from Antonio Valencia, but not very far. Charged down by Milner. One man wants that final whistle more than anybody else. Mignolet. Here it is. Alexander-Arnold heads it away. Still time for Rooney. In towards Fellaini. And there's a push. Do you have to do Man of the Match? Well, it's over. And here we are. Level pegging. Liverpool have ended Manchester United's impressive winning run. The first time in 25 Premier League seasons that these two great rivals have drawn both league matches. It keeps the gap between the two at five points. Jürgen Klopp's side led through Milner's first-half penalty. And it seemed that might be enough. Until Zlatan Ibrahimovic found a header to find a point. Gary Neville. Yeah, I don't think either team have been at their absolute best today. It's been a big struggle of a game. Liverpool will be happy. eight league titles between them but there's plenty of competition as they go for glory and of course for being on the right side of this special rivalry here today liverpool have set up in a diamond with adam alana number 10 arivi and camino split strikers and chan and ronaldo me the side of jordan henderson so very much a tactical shift from jürgen klopp he's managing here in the premier league for the first time he had a good evening here in the europa league last march and they actually knocked united out i remember he's won twice at chelsea's one at arsenal he runs 4-1 at manchester city twice drawn at spurs these massive matches i've had no fear for him and for his team well you have to say it's a huge shift in formation what it does also do usually the diamond exposes you more in wide areas it means that it's emre chan on that right-hand side he's gonna have to get out there very quickly to support the young right back alexander arnold i'm not sure chan's got the legs to do either for 90 minutes solid head up by diane lovren he's a bold manager so there's it's gone out there less of a red flag on l васve in them evans depois de acessibilitar o codificar que los ale celulares yes jones has to see yourself a club and clears his jones se decide to have a for games after his terrible injury problems he over at the taravert home Koreans after his troubles with some pressing cool down over at the taravert new eric's calm and clever and clears his jones seen having a run the games after his terrible injury problems nine times to the heads of the ohs here jones giving in for his terrible injuries about the infielders back another like a dead culture It was very tight, it was very tense at Anfield in October. Manchester United weren't in such a strong position morale-wise, momentum-wise as they are now with six straight Premier League wins, nine in all competitions. Origi muscling Valencia, Liverpool could be in here, but Origi running out of legs a little bit, but he's got a corner. And Milano is happy to be seen there, talking to Origi, saying to him, make it up now, put it into me. An early Liverpool corner at Old Trafford. Lovren's gone round the back. The... Attempts... Take two here. It's a good spotlighting because Paul Pogba got blocked and Lovren was free. If he'd been a glance to the back post, United were in trouble. Resuming... Better vigilance, the most expensive player. Just watch, Clavin's trying to block him. Milano tries again. He's got blocked again. And here, claims his start. Went deep. There he is. Little Croatian defender. That's a good jump, David de Gea was out. Milano giving chase. Milano tracking back. Liverpool have won here five times in the Premier League. They're obviously staying number 25 here for them. They're three. One-nil wins in four. The season's all secured by Danny Murphy goals. And then, a bit more recently, big wins. 4-1. Fernando Torres had a wonderful game. And 3-0, Luis Suarez. He had the Liverpool charge then. And he's been calling for great involvement from the home support. And you can see a part of the picture that William Cox is going crazy at Mignolet. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. And it's a bit crazy that Mignolet, for not playing short, he wants his team to pass out from the back. Even if United do try and play high and stop them. And it's a bit crazy that Mignolet, for not playing short, he wants his team to pass out from the back. Even if United do try and play high and stop them. Henderson. And Wijnaldum. And Wijnaldum. Lifting over. And the Qutari has just slipped. And Liverpool back on the ball with Wijnaldum again. Henderson. And for Origi. He's got plenty of muscle power through the middle. He's like a more... He's like a more... He's like a more... like a more recognised central striker than Roberto Firmino and indeed Daniel Sturridge in that respect he's got a physical presence Valencia, Riquitaria it's a big pitch it's a big ask of Wijnaldum and Champ if United can switch play with this diamond they're pressing over to the side Liverpool trying to get close the full-backs are going to get a lot of space chance enough to go out quickly on that side Everton earlier today spectacularly pulled back nice to the city but they were really big impressive moves for Chelsea and Tottenham and Arsenal yesterday that's reminding these two of what they've got to do to get closer to getting the trophy Great paddling left-back, Valencia first real thrust for Manchester United here H car get's it away,earches confidence and there's the hai boy Neymar he has a bit of a connection there Uncle John is actually the club's section guard is actually the club secretary of Manchester United. Milner into Origi, can't keep it, Liverpool need him to do that, give his game a bit better. And then the pressure cooker is this fixture. That's the difference, Daniel Scurridge will bring that under control, Origi's more suited to running in behind, really onto things. Hikotaro in, he'll squeeze it back to Valencia. Milner. That was a ball well measured for Adam Lallana, might take it on. Alexander-Arnold against his immediate foe today, Anthony Manning. Martial. He shouldn't forget, made his Premier League debut in this fixture the last time it was played. Came from the bench and wrapped up that 3-1 United win. Liverpool have won only one of the last seven against Manchester United, but they're unbeaten in the last three, if you take into account the two, agua Mariposa and Marieni. From the liquifying foe, Kylian Mbappe gave them something of a better game than Liverpool. So lastly, Virgilio Fields trying to get you a wake-over. And they have to trade a long Dom? Horn smiled. Struck! Steve Kel including Ed Gareth, his order to which, audiences also played in difficultyуем poor quality football. Winger! Booth to aer steroids over Understand, can't fix it. Sh масса, Henderson can't get it through beyond Ander Herrera. Milner pulled out wide to make himself a target for Mignolet. Michael Oliver's the referee. Clare. Clare might not have been playing today if Liverpool had to resolve that difficulty with the Cameroon federation, but Joel Matip... That was good from Wijnaldum, just backing up play. Backing up the second ball. Milner takes. Firmino on the run. Run offside. Let's hear from Jamie Redknapp, who's up on the gantry alongside us today. Jamie. Good afternoon, Martin. You get the feeling both teams are sparring at the moment, not a great deal happening. I think Gary touched on it with the two teams, with the system, certainly Liverpool playing with that diamond, and I do worry about Valencia for Liverpool, he's the one that can keep coming on, and I think Wijnaldum really wants to come out here, or Rigi, so that's where it's going to be a fascinating battle. I think Valencia could be a major problem as this game develops for Liverpool. Nice, they've got to get the full-backs in play, stretch, Liverpool midfield. Liverpool win another free kick. And Herrera, Carrick and Pogba have become a genuine three for Jose Mourinho. It's freed up Paul Pogba a little bit to be involved further forward. Lallana trying to run off Michael Carrick. Rigi. They've settled pretty well, Liverpool, first ten or eleven minutes. Nothing really, the other endings, Mignolet, and they've come forward. Slapped past Erlet. They've settled into the game. Liverpool have finished above United only twice in the 24 seasons of the Premier League, but in the 24 seasons prior to that, United ended above Liverpool just once. So they both have had two decades of domination. Here's Fulho. An unlikely important figure for Jose Mourinho. He's said it a number of times in the last few weeks, almost like Jose Mourinho stumbled across a back four and not letting him down, he's been very good this last minute or two in this run. And this case goes forward to... Damm. Darmian. Martial. Breaks to Martial again, quick feet from the Frenchman. Down he goes. My brother was having nothing to do with the United penalty claims. No, it's not a penalty, not wanting to see that again. I have to say, it came down that right side, Liverpool... ..just falling over. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Jones. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Led forward by Carrick. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS And by Henderson to Liverpool. Jones intervenes, the early search for supremacy here. I see Michael Carrick trying to force that pass through the middle, that will be difficult for Liverpool having so many bodies in there, they're going to have to go wide and switch play like this. Valencia. FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS Flex FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS WHOA! FULL-TIME WHISTLE BLOWS doesn't really want to get too close to him, does pretty much what he wants, Martial just drifts inside, he's nearly... just got a little bit too much on it. Van Dam was looking at the goalkeeper as if to say, come and help me out, but in the end it was just too much for Ibrahimovic, who has never won and not scored against Liverpool. Five previous appearances for three different clubs. One of which, of course, was Manchester United, in the 0-0 at Anfield in October. Lovren. Firmino. Another big comparison. Scurry between the two teams, it's been the amount of distance covered in matches. Liverpool the best, or the furthest, if you like, and United the lowest in that respect in the Premier League. Yeah, two completely contrasting styles, when you watch Liverpool play, they've obviously benefited from the three weeks they've had, but I have to say that the style of play, they're electrifying, when you get some of the games you know to before, the Arsenal away game, Chelsea away game, City last year, been absolutely brilliant to watch, and they do revolve a lot around those combinations, speed of play, and the reaction. The best team, along with Tottenham, I think, in terms of transition, of giving the ball away when you're back. They really are fantastic and nimble. The challenge over this last, I would say, probably two weeks, has been they've had games every three or four days, which disrupts that rhythm. If you look at the fixtures, in the six-game bunch, before, during and after the Christmas period, only two that got through them undefeated, these two. I think it's interesting to see Jose Mourinho writing his notes down there. It was Jürgen Klopp, of course, who passed a note from Southampton to Daniel Sturridge. Outlining the system that they were supposed to be switching to. Filling out each other in the first 15 minutes. FOOTBALL PLAYS You can see already, doing more running, United are more positional. They're always on the move, with and without the ball. That's the header. Mubehinovic. To give the ball to the quicker Pogba. Mubehinovic. Carrick's fighting to get to this one, but Mubehinovic got in front of him, just a bit behind Henderson. Well by Rojo. Carrick. Crude a header by Henderson, trying to keep possession for Liverpool, but it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. Difficult for both sides at the moment. Carrick. Pogba under pressure. And Marcoli doesn't see a foul, and Liverpool stride on here, with Firmino. Another chance to fight into the middle, where Liverpool are well represented. Alexander-Arnold puts it on the scene, but it's carried it a little bit. Chance for the first one, if Firmino hits Rojo with a cross into the chest. It's a good chance. No foul on Pogba. He's dallying on the ball and gets caught, and Liverpool are away. It's Chandler-Lan and Origi in the middle. He has to try and pick one of them out. He'll get the back post, looks tempting. . . Come round with mixed emotions there. This is John Alexander. The uncle of young Liverpool right back. He does come from Liverpool, worked at Tottenham before Manchester United, and there was a chance for Ibrahimovic. That can drop in, it's not. And Mignolet complaining about the back pass. That could have been very embarrassing for Liverpool defensively. It was short for Mignolet, I have to say that. But normally, when a goalkeeper and a striker go in, and a striker go into it you've got to take the lot it's a weak clearance from minile i'm not having that i have to say you've just got to take the lot there's latin and everything smashing just trying to get on the field it's a big risk we'll get away with one over the head of jones valencia has to turn galana was chasing him down considered kick and david de gea which wins it good cover by alexander arnold here's mcataran five four for manchester united here including the power of pogba but he scuffed it it's a good chance the first play from alexander arnold was good there but you watch him on this one he just drifts out towards marcial c and leaves that space for pogba to run through and it's on his left side and he makes a real mess of it he should score he drags it you should score he drags it snatches a big chance disappointment on his face the uh beaten the oven club manager to manager at once and that was quite a hollow victory for jose mourinho in that they went out of europe having lost the uh away leg greater margin than the one win this round against dortmund so strong and got the decision he's been flooding the answers in the competitions the oven club and that's the benefit you get at least a alexander armand has had other first team experience if not so much in the premier league nothing like this it's a big ask big risk a big opportunity for alexander armand and he's got a lot of experience he's got a lot of experience in the league and he's got a lot of experience in the premier league opportunity for him hogba put him behind henderson mcintyre ibrahimovic coming in he had it and he's built it for a moment but to no cost his position was good mini late constant near post he took a three or four stride starts but he cut it out loverin trying to give him a ball over the top marcial pogba just a bit tight that triangle for united let's hear again from james james redknapp james what have you got for us martin first 16 minutes i felt liverpool pretty comfortable and then they're just starting to find a bit of rhythm herrera in midfield i've been watching in the last six seven games there he is again he's the man that sets the tempo in there and he won that first ball that set up pogba and the mc atarian starting to get involved and i know gary you know what it's like in this stadium they can start to feel it and united are starting to find a little bit of rhythm now which is a bit of a worrying sign for liverpool i think so i think united can get it into wide areas a That's for Milner, and they un-boy it right back. Not exactly feeling the pressure of the fixture, but getting his radar wrong. Origi, a muscle in the arm, and Liverpool a free kick in a decent area. He's done well, Origi. I did feel before this game that for Liverpool to do well, they needed to start well and be good in the first half of the game, and get a goal in front. Opportunity here. Clavin, Origi, Lovren, Chan... Kamino all in the middle. All back for United, including Ibrahimovic's height. Between the two central defenders. Roma hoisted in. Lovren knocks it down. A bit of a swing by Origi, didn't really get hold of it. I bet it was a chance. I have to say, the first three set-pieces Liverpool have had, Lovren's got really the better of Pogba. Does him again there. Comes quickly to Origi. It is a chance. Lovren back. And... Cutting it out, Ibrahimovic was thinking it might drop over the central defender. But it's not. It's a good shot. It's a good shot. Nicely put together by Liverpool. Milner. Challenge tight on Origi, though. Knew where the pass was going to go straight away. Pogba. Lovren applauding the pressure applied on Manchester United by his players. That's why Liverpool are the best in the league, when they're getting around people very quickly. And... Big numbers, 3-4-5, all sprinting towards the ball. Good work by Emre Can. And a small drop here for Alexander-Arnold. Suddenly found himself with a chance of a long name being up in lights. Sleeping Martial to start with, and then panicked. Got back with Alexander-Arnold. You see at the top of your picture there, watch where Martial is, sleeping, ball-watching. He just turns it back inside. He does his job eventually. United wide, man. It's not a one-way street on that far side. That's the best thing to probably do, run him the other way, cos he certainly doesn't like running back. I think he's been more willing to do it under Jose Mourinho in the last couple of months. It's certainly not his favourite part of his game. Wijnaldum. Let's feel for Jürgen Klopp in bringing Jordan Henderson back from injury. Rather reduced the chances of him starting. Felipe Coutinho as well, of course, has been out for even longer. He did come on as a substitute at Southampton. I think we all felt pretty confident that Coutinho would play for this game. It's a good point you make, having two of them come back. Liverpool just shading the possession. It's been in this area. 0-0, 25 minutes gone. Out on the far side. Jones, passed by Firmino, Manchester United are in trouble here. They're lucky that they only conceded a corner. That is the great strength of this Liverpool team. The pinch-catchers are in trouble. They've punched the ball off you. You think you're safe, but you're not. Firmino in, Lallana then backing up. Rojo, grateful. Best pass from Martial. Jones thought he had more time than he actually did. No time to think. Atul Jones. Corner for Liverpool. Trying to block again to get Lovren on it. And Klavan. Oh, he's on ball. By Pogba. And Lovren was pulling away. And Michael Oliver points to the spot. And Manchester United... Well, it's daft. Four set pieces. He had a nightmare on all four. And it's a penalty straight away, handball. Michael Oliver... I have to say, the stadium are never going to appeal. I'm not sure even too many Liverpool players appealed. But it was an obvious handball. And Pogba, he struggled against Lovren in this first 25 minutes. What a chance now for Liverpool. And it's a penalty. What a chance now for James Milner. Well, he's 100%. Five out of five this season. He's a very experienced professional. But this will test his nerve. But he passes the test. And Liverpool lead at Old Trafford. Pogba culpable. Milner perfect from the spot. Well, that's the goal I thought Liverpool would need. To do well in this game, it's the height that beats David Firmino. The power's good. But just a little bit too high for him. He goes the right way, the goalkeeper, but Milner... He hasn't missed this season, he's ecstatic. It's the biggest. But he's lost him on every single set-piece. He turns his back, he doesn't know where he is, Paul Pogba. And then he panics. One mistake followed by the second. And a bad one for Manchester United. It's amazing, this. Fixtra's had so many penalties. It's nine in less than eight years in matches between Manchester United and Liverpool in the Premier League. And there was one here in the Europa League last season as well. And there was one day when Liverpool got three at Old Trafford, awarded then by Mark Clattenburg. Absolutely delighted to take full advantage of Pogba's error of judgement. End of the F export spree. For S yourselves. For Chancellor Barcelona. For Arsenal. Here's comme un. Rot ticket? 에는 corporate lucarden nelord mask. but it all started with Phil Jones getting caught in possession by Firmino, and the corner led to the penalty. Brick by brick, they built a lead here in Liverpool. You think about Pogba's first 25 minutes on the set-piece, the pass out of play and the mischance at the other end, it's not been his greatest for United so far. He's got plenty of time to put it right. FANS SING And Herrera. Valencia waiting in space. It's over here to Manchester United, they're a bag of nerves at the moment. Yeah, Jose Mourinho trying to settle his team, but he's got a good hand. What a record, he's now scored against Manchester United for Newcastle. For Aston Villa, that was a penalty at Wembley in a League Cup final. For Manchester City here, and now for Liverpool here. Klavan. Up goes Milner. Firmino. Balogna, nothing to the right for him. FANS SING That's given away by Artana and Arnold. Herrera on the prowl for United. Lovren stops, Mourinho, and Mourba launches in. Martiala ref was very close, couldn't have been better placed. I think Mike Lovren will think about West Ham incident, Manchester United players around him reacting. He does lunge in, Lovren, I'd be surprised if he gets away without a booking. But Blackhold has done well, he's taken his time. He's leaving the booking. And Chelsea also sent off Simon Francis of Bournemouth. OK, it's Arsenal. Yellow today for Lovren. Thought it would be. But the Manchester United players' reaction was similar to the reaction at West Ham away, with Figuoli, where he did get the red card. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Can't make sure it doesn't reach Ibrahimovic. They didn't need to give that away, Emre Can. It's a poor header. It does look quite greasy, and it skimmed off it. Well, a right-wing corner somehow led to Liverpool taking the lead. Manchester United with a chance to reply in a similar situation. THEY CHANT It's on the edge. Not a penalty following a right-wing corner, as it was at the other end. Herrera asking for the penalty, I thought it was a push at the near post. I think it was on Lallana initially. Just watch the near post. Is it Rojo? Just there. In another part of the penalty area, Pogba was wrestling Henderson to the ground. Henderson's gone to the referee and saying... I love that, he's wrestling. He probably gets in the book. Pogba's head's gone at the moment, he knows he's having a difficult half an hour, but this is a big chance. If it gets past the wall with the power that Ibrahimovic will put on it, it'll be difficult for Mignolet. Pogba's been on free kicks from time to time for Manchester United, but you don't get them off Ibrahimovic in this kind of position. I always think these are nightmares for goalkeepers. Absolute nightmares. Central, so close to goal. They've got no time to react if it goes past the wall, you're just hoping that the wall does its job. Here he goes, and the goalkeeper does his job. He's gonna be in there. He's been absolutely brilliant, Mignolet, because that is so tough, to get down there so close to him, and parry it away and get it away. Another corner for United. 1-0 down. Led by Klavan, emphatically. He raves the others out in his defensive line-up field. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. They parted, didn't they, the Manchester United players, at the end of the wall, allowing the ball to speed through. Mignolet was covering really what was his side of the wall, and he picked the right side. If anything, the United players peeled away too quickly. They almost delayed it a little bit, so he was almost unsighted even more. Oh, what a save. He's got the ball in the right wing. He's got the ball in the right wing. He's got the ball in the right wing. Carrick. Oh, he won't get that. Oh, he won't get that. Oh, he won't get that. This is the free kick again. You mentioned it, Martin, the United players at the end of the wall. Carrick pulled the ball away too quickly, which gives him a side to it. He could have just delayed it a little bit more. Mignolet, I have to say, still a fantastic save. WHISTLE BLOWS Mkhitaryan. Firmino. Allowed to turn, Origi likewise. Some pieces. Probably Liverpool's most dangerous element in the game, so far. And Dejan Lovren has been a key player for Jurgen Klopp. They've got a chance to change at half-time, but he's so uncomfortable with Lovren, he's lost to him on every single one. There he is again. Not quite sure why Lovren's going in on the goalkeeper, he's letting him off. It's a different signal from Milner. Oh! In the in swing, it feels like Neymar put too much on it for Heyer, which is a spark of counter-attack. Nothing... Nearly on for the United goalkeeper straightaway. Pogba. And Maldon across. I have to say, the first 35 minutes we haven't seen anything of Mkhitaryan. Very little of him, very little. Edmarsie out. Firmino is regarded by Jurgen Klopp as his best defensive attacker, if you understand what I'm saying. He certainly showed that in the lead-up to the corner that led to the penalty, and just again now where he was penalised. Here's Valencia. And then Settling to the corner. They haven't done that enough, the Manchester United full-backs. They should be going forward at every opportunity. They haven't got a direct opponent. Mkhitaryan to take the corner. With a bag on the post. Ibrahimovic. Marked by Lovren, marked well by Dayan Lovren. Origi. Roberto Firmino. Jones driving on. Bit more than are coming together between Mkhitaryan and Milner. Free kick to United. He's just got his body in front. United need somebody to grab the game. He's drifting by for them at the moment. Valencia. Again, it doesn't work out for Paul Pogba. He's taken too many touches, he's been dispossessed now a couple of times. I think he's got to play the simple way to get back into the game, build his confidence back. Almost as if he's come into the game a little bit overexcited. Yeah, I think so. I have to say, the game, first 35 minutes for United, people revolved around him. The penalty, the set-pieces, he's got the ball away a couple of times, missed a huge chance. It's a big chance. He's certainly not at the moment thinking clearly. He has to settle down. United 15 games unbeaten in all competitions. They're in a situation where they've been playing catch-up. Dropping points. The first couple of months. They need to keep winning. They really need to keep the teams above them within range. They're trailing here to a very lively Liverpool. VAR TURNS scalar Die reise The move started by United goalkeeper. And collaboratively indicated it wasn't a foul. And the family officials agreeing with him, looking to repeatedly try to shift back, or had tylko just done that. They find 150 less on the form to avoid over-suggesting. Still Argiri. Firmino up with him. Comes out towards Chan. Now Lallana, United still in trouble here. Lallana trying to place it. He's got Milner with him, and Jones can't get it out. Only last for handball against Milner. There's Mkhitaryan, Milner bites back. Here comes Klavan. You're nervous. You've got to hold out. He's zipped forward by Klavan to Milner. Let's hear again from Jamie Renkamp. Martin, I just want to highlight Paul Pogba. Gary's mentioned it, it's like he's never marked a man from a corner in his life. He's not even looking at the ball, he's done this once, twice, and then the third time has been instrumental in what's been happening. You can see him at the back post, he's really struggled. I actually can't believe that Jose Munoz, one of the senior players, has not said, let's get someone else to mark Dejan Lovren. Have a bit of experience, maybe ask Rojo or Jones, because he can't deal with him at the moment, and it's a major problem for Manchester United. Absolutely. The names are up on the board, who you're marking, sometimes if it's not working, you just think... Dubinovic, Jones, Rojo, could they change? It's a good point, I'm sure something will happen at half-time. THEY CHANT Well, to be honest, you don't have to wait till half-time. There are players out there who could sort that out for themselves. It's just sometimes you're down on the touchline, you've not quite seen what's happened on the first two, we've got this cold view from up here, and the manager, because nothing's come of it, you might think, well, OK, there's nothing happened, but the danger was there. Here's danger for Liverpool, Mkhitaryan's in the clear, and Mignolet stands firm, and Liverpool keep their lead. What is Klavan doing? What is Klavan doing? I think he tries to step up. But it's a big chance for him. Hogbrad on his left foot, now the Katarians have won. Henrik Mkhitaryan there. Quite a well-known, of course, to Jurgen Klopp, the Liverpool manager, signed into Dortmund. They've made it to the match hall twice, and they've been cut through Liverpool in those runs inside, out to win, inside the full-backs. Elegantic Roberto Firmino. There's been a lot of talk about the Liverpool goalkeepers this season, but Simon Mignolet is distinguishing himself here. I thought that was a more comfortable one for him, but Klavan there, I mean, is he just offside? Maybe Lovren was playing him on, but... It's a big chance. It's a good one, actually, with his left hand, but it's a good height for him, it's close to him, it's in his arc, I think if it had been low, he'd have been in trouble. Origi. Valencia. He stands on his ankle. That's him and Valencia. You saw those. Origi just getting up now. Hobbling away. That's Origi's first start for Liverpool against Manchester United, and he's proving to be a handful for Mourinho's back line. That's what he is, he's a handful. He hasn't got the quality of Sturridge, but he runs, he challenges, he harasses, and that's exactly what he's doing, he's unsettled, he's a handful, Rojo and Jones. Milner takes, and Lovren has got free again. Firmino trying to get in and force it over the line, it wasn't going to drop for him. Jose Mourinho will not be able to believe what he's seen on these set-pieces, when he looks at them all back, you see around the back, it's Pogba again who loses him, that's five. Talk about warning signs. What's going to happen here? Another set-piece for Liverpool. That's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's a free kick. It's around the back, a single for Lovren again. He's lost him again. CHEERING They've gone out of jail this time because Michael Oliver's brought in the push. He's struggling, he's got to be in these set-pieces. Making a plug-zero of it at the moment. Come on. There's still a bit to be done before these two... Aaah. ..be hit. The final on the VFL Cup final. It'll be football one-down to Southampton for the first leg. That's the week on Wednesday on Sky Sports one, and the following night, none United have a 2-0 lead to take the Hull, but Hull are showing signs in the Marco Silva of... perhaps be a bit more about them. and dusted either and Jose Mourinho would be the first to admit that. Made by Rojo. Lovren. He left early in the... last game here, it's often his work. He's got some planning to do. Marcel Mkhitaryan. No chance of Mkhitaryan, but he hasn't really been involved in the game, neither has Ibrahimovic. The front six of United haven't been great at all. Michael Carrick in midfield has been fantastic recently, he's looked a little bit out of sorts. One very eager option for the Frenchman. Manchester United, of course, is Wayne Rennick. He grew up on the blue side of Merseyside, and would love to get his record-breaking goal against this particular opponent from Manchester United today.