regarded as one that they have to get three points in the bank from but breaking down this Burnley team is going to be no easy task they haven't conceded in their last three matches two of those in the FA Cup with the different goalkeepers the one they have out today they've defended stubbornly so far though and on the rare occasions when they have been able to engineer something at the other end they have looked dangerous with Barnes in particular but this is Sanchez who carries a danger to Burnley of his own now Mesut Ozil Iwobi helping it back to Granit Xhaka here's Ozil again given away to Boyd and that's the problem for Burnley in getting things going Gray isolated up there needing support yeah it comes back at them too quick it's the one I suppose point or topic that Sean Dice should be worried about here's Iwobi, Arsenal picking up the pattern again now Sanchez Monreal cleanest of strikes yeah let it roll across and responded to the crowds urging to shoot but you see there's something sprightly about Arsenal first minute the second half I think he wants them to do things quicker Thierry was right to say that it could be a bit faster let things go faster but it's not it's not going to be a good thing for Arsenal I think it's going to be a good thing for Arsenal to do things quicker Thierry was right to say that it could be a bit faster let things go faster today going back over to Burnley is one of them managed well there's a bit of a delay down the line here yeah it might take a little bit longer for some of the men who are there but right to say that costs as had touched they get it bring his Towels over so that was a tough slap there one way before you know could have been tangled John Lawson who Yesh s hiding absolutely wasn't but also a way to get Byron out return it was clearly that there was bb Are you prevents rate has seen the forward it's just going to be the win this pouring into September year's postseason win for Flvim so-called both will be in the round four that's fucking right up across the Nugent in a 3-1 defeat here seven seasons ago. There's Ozil. Ramsey! Giroud is in his way. Sanchez. Still Alexis Sanchez, now Monreal. Giroud's header, Ramsey trying to do it Giroud. The Scorpion nearly came off again. Right smile on his face but good play, Sanchez at the heart of everything again. You can see he just dinks it into an area, Giroud knows what he's doing, nice little header. Down but not quite in the path of Ramsey and he tries the Scorpion, something I hadn't really heard of until this season. It's become a regular feature. And it wasn't the end. It was the end. It was the end. It was the only chance from the other side. Put in nice and early for Ozil, good strike, so it appears but Giroud unwittingly blocks at that time. Here's Gray. Now Defoe. Led by Mustafi but Barnes not going to get that one up. And Roby unable to... Keep it under his control. Now Hendrik. Losing out to Iwobi and now... Ozil leading the surge forward. Iwobi. Sanchez. Alexis Sanchez. All right, cuts inside, great pace and the effort just a little too high obviously but... Hendrik gives the ball away and... Ozil just come at him and waves the Arsenal players. Lots of options for Iwobi as he's charging towards goal. Picks out the man of the moment, Sanchez and fierce power in the shot. He looks up to the screen again and shakes his head. It's a real good break but again Burnley giving it away cheaply. Hendrik looked at all the world, setting something up for them and just got cut out. They come at you so quickly then, don't they? That is the dilemma for... Burnley and that the more they try and land a punch on Arsenal here they... Take the risk of... Having to sustain a heavier one from Arsenal. There's Ward with the throw in. Head goals would get them before they can. シャесп�ber нمadem Swieger fase, Another potential for another break as Xhaka picks out Ozil, who's the furthest forward, although Sanchez has caught up now. Back to Xhaka, who can hit them. Passes this one off to Monreal, though, now Alexi Sanchez. Monreal try to cut it across, it's deflected back off George Boyd. It's a good one. Xhaka. Giroud rolls into the back of Monreal, and it's cut away by Ben Mee from in front of Aaron Ramsey. No let-up here for Burnley, it's Xhaka again. Iwobi. Xhaka. Goal! Ozil trying to pick out Sanchez. Barnes came across in front of him. Yeah, it was Ozil this time trying to play that type of ball for the inrushing Sanchez, not a good ball, it was just way too far ahead of him, but Mee had to defend well, Arsenal fans probably hoped there had been a shot fired in before it came to this, you'll see, little delicate play around the edge of the box, lays it in to maybe at that point as he puts it across goal. Monreal, he might have just pulled the trigger. Well done, Ben Mee. Mee was the scorer of the last of Burnley's three Premier League away goals this season at his former club, Manchester City. Actually Barnes and San votes from the penalty spot by the other two. Coming together here as Barnes goes up, he uses his arms to get up, and you can see... he definitely clips Mustafi, eyes on the ball, the Arsenal player. You can see... Gareth, have you seen that? Not so sure the intent was that much, he's using his arms to get airborne. But it wasn't an easy one for Mustafi to take. Giroud. Monreal. Now Sanchez. To the left, a pose from breasts, Bur Asiel drifting it out wide. De Vrij taking charge. You can feel the patience of the Arsenal supporters, they're getting it anxious. You can see it was all fun and smiles earlier on, expecting a team to come in and steamroll Burnley. This man here has got his tactics spot on till now. They're all applying themselves really well, they're sticking to the game plan. As you can see, when asked, they're defending really well. 49% of the ball, they're a defensive third of the field, but the score's still 0-0. Burnley manager and his players will be quite happy at the prospect of frustrating Arsenal here. I thought they were going to win, but they've done enough to do the same on home territory back in October, only to be beaten by a late goal. And late goals have been the order of the day for Arsenal this season. They've got plenty of crucial late winners and equalisers already. They'll keep plugging away, we know that. Anyone who's down in Bournemouth will see that this team won't fail to keep trying to score, that's for sure. City has started wouldn't they, and they way they're doing. Have backing steps now, and it seems that Reading Inter are only the last player they need to intercede, well, that comes with this night's sur 小btعり, we know that, but they have just so far beat leverages, defence with central and wing closely, the main남 so far. I'm looking forward to support Boulogne this season, Keane has defended impressively, he's given Arsenal a corner here. That was excellent for all the world, looks like Sanchez was going to get himself in there. Terrific play started from the goalkeeper and needed a timely intervention. Well done, Keane. Sanchez trying to pull it back from Mustafi, Defoe was in the way, challenged by Gray! And he's appealing for the penalty, but John Moss not interested. It's Ramsey trying to bend one. Now Xhaka. Ramsey. Lothan brings it clear. Monreal's header. And it's kept in by Mesut Ozil. And it's kept in by Ozil. And it's kept in by Ozil. Me having to try and hold off Sanchez this time. Finds Barnes with the clearance, only Gray up ahead once more for Burnley. He's asking plenty of him, but Cossi only still had to be sure in the tackle. And now then... referee John Moss, shaking his head, shows that... he didn't make it. But when he gets in front and doesn't get the ball there, it's a problem. Gray comes in, when he jumps in like that with his left foot and doesn't get the ball, despite going away from goal, I think Mustafi has every right to appeal. And if you look at how the rule is written technically, and don't take the danger of the situation into play, I have a feeling that could have been a penalty. Mustafi was busy appealing for it, but because... the move was still alive, so many other Arsenal players were just intent on trying to finish the move off anyway. Here's Monreal. Here's Boyd. Lothan loses out. Now Granit Xhaka. Me intercepts. Iwobi gets away from two, Alex Iwobi! In the end, Ward... is the effective barrier for Burnley. Oh, really strong driving play from Iwobi. John Moss is now making his way back to the goal, he sees Loughton who was... not quite off the ball, but as Arsenal turned into attack there and Sanchez was... moving to try and join in, he's impeded him and the referee spotted it. Iwobi was going as close as he did. Strong driving play, but well defended again. Ozil with the corner. And it's in! Skogran Mustafi is the scorer for Arsenal, his first goal for the club, and their patience pays off. Well, simple is as simple does. Nice ball floated into the box, you're expecting Burnley challenges all over. He makes his way to it, gets a great hand. They chose to have a full-back on one post. But there's nobody on the far to simply clear that, and it's as simple a goal as Mustafi will have. Corner comes, he takes a look at the ball, he heads it towards the corner. And he just can't get there. Relief for Arsene Wenger and the Arsenal fans. Hard lines on Burnley because they've done everything so well, their discipline has been really good, and for it to be that simple and that easy for Mustafi to score... and for it to be that simple and that easy for Mustafi to score... I want to take away from that, but it's really hard to take for the Burnley players. Mustafi's sense of grievance about the penalty, he wasn't awarded, maybe he's now slightly... And Les Burnley strike back, Mane with the attempt to do that. Mane... Mustafi in the way of Barnes... Ramsey... Now Gabriel... Aaron Ramsey... Mane with the foul, Christiansen here... Rest in peace... Depth from às thyroid... ası although a little earlier. Just shows that for all the gifted ballplayers in that Arsenal team, to get them there today, to make the breakthrough, sent Raph up and put Heather in the net. The worry was that Burnley would be the ones threatening with set-pieces, but Arsenal showing there's more to their game than just tapping it around. Important goal. All the way through, there'sismeen in the net. There's Monreal... sätt her out. He's actually scored for Germany since his last club goal in his Valencia days, but Shkodran Mustafi is now off the mark for Arsenal. Here's Gabriel. Now Iwobi. Ozil. Ozil. Ozil corner. Straight away. I see De Vroor making his way to the back post and standing on it, holding it. Loughton near the front. This corner's been pulled back to Aaron Ramsey. And another successful as their previous one. And here's the yellow card. Well, he said he's got the yellow card earlier. Here it is here. You can see as he loses the ball and they're running away, he interferes there with Alexis Sanchez. It was spotted by the ref and quite a while afterwards, he decided he hadn't forgotten and let him go on the book. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In the position now to take advantage to close the gap on Chelsea to five points at least until they play later. Here's Ozil. Monreal pulls it across. cleared by Keane I know that Arsenal are going to keep peppering away trying to get the second as quickly as they can but Burnley have a decision to make now are they still going to just dig in and contain or do they get a little bit more adventurous try and give some support to Andre Gray who absolutely looks lost on his own in this second half crying out for some support just a bit more ambition required Ramsey now Gabriel oh Mustafi given away by Xhaka and trying to repair the damage he's actually done some damage to Steven Defoe yeah I think he's in a bit of trouble here because the referee didn't even think about letting the advantage go and it was a real good break that Burnley found themselves on John Moss' first cause of concern is to make sure that the player is okay he's seen him he's gone over to the lines when he thinks this is a real serious one the referee I think he's going for confirmation he's taken advice from Andy Halliday it's red the second time this season that John Moss has shown a red card to Granit Xhaka he sent him off against Swansea and he spells him now again on the word of the linesman well I think he had it in his mind also because he didn't even look up to see was there any advantage played I think he's only gone over to get confirmation he feels the player was reckless and had lost control you see it's a poor giveaway to start and he goes diving in two feet or up comes through I'm sorry but the rules say he's leaving himself open to be sent off there and I think the referee gets it absolutely spot on and to finish what horrendous decision-making a to give the ball away and B to go diving in like that from Xhaka causes a real problem now for Arsene Wenger a huge problem they've just established a winning position in the match Granit Xhaka has been sent off his ninth red card in under three years the team's under pressure you see it's a really poor ball and he just goes flying in two-footed out of control he's shaking his head but why invite the situation where he might get a red what a handshake from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain but he hasn't really done his team any favours at all Keane wins the header and Burnley will now be thinking this is a situation they can exploit oh you'll find it's a spur for them now they'll start thinking really differently especially the manager the coaches they'll be looking okay how do we exploit this how do we come right back at Arsene make them pay for horrendous error really from Xhaka Francis Coquelin looks all set to come on as a response but Burnley may well have a response of their own of their sleeves yeah a couple of players warming up down here below us for Burnley as well so they'll really look to swing the pendulum their way now and get forward get attacking see what they can get out of this with the extra man maybe the expulsion of Arsenal's bad boy could be an opportunity for Burnley's reformed boy Joey Barton could be coming on Mane Loughton's header straight away you can see the change the emphasis there for Lott to get forward trying it in behind this has really given them the impetus to go and believe there's something in the game for them you you , you can see the clambering over the back of Olivier Giroud here comes the Arsenal change with Coquelin coming on in place of Alex Iwobi well he was enjoying himself Iwobi he was the one who pushed and penetrated to get the corner kick from which they scored and then because of reasons out of his control this midfielder has messed things up a little and now they've got to bring on the defensive midfielder Coquelin Iwobi makes way and the anxiety is straightened out of them Iwobi makes way and the anxiety is straightened out of them Iwobi makes way and the anxiety is straightened out of them back on Arsene Wenger's face Mustafi's ball cleared by Ben Mee and away by Ward there's Ramsey there's Ramsey Sanchez. Giroud. Now Monreal. Monreal. Sanchez losing out on the tackle to Loughton. Monreal escaping from Barnes. Marley. Marley. Charged down by Coquelin with use of the arm. Durnley free kick. There's a little bit of tension in the air here now after that sending off. So maybe that's something that Joey Barton, who came on to score against Southampton, can exploit. Yeah, a lot of activity going down in the technical area as well between Sean Dyche and his backroom staff. Writing all sorts of notes, pointing here and there. You can see deep consultation here about how they make this surprise situation pay for them. Looks like they're not really agreeing yet. It was a free kick from Joey Barton that got him his goal in the last league match. With no Barton on the field. De Vore and Boyd first to volunteer for this. To maybe provide Petršek with something to do. There has been an upsurge in Burnley confidence since the red card to Granit Xhaka. The ball is in the air. And it's De Vore who takes. And it's tipped over. Yeah, it wasn't bad at all. Three Burnley players flying in to see if Petršek would fumble. So he chooses to put it over the bar. Not bad. Needed to be more near the corners though. Steven De Vore with the corner. He's going for it. Away by Koscielny. Ward saw an opening there. Went for it spectacularly. But it is another Burnley corner. Oh, Burnley going to make it. Burnley going to make it. Burnley going to make it. They're going to make the change here before the corner. They are. Jeff Hendrick. There's the player who's being taken off by Sean Dyche. Barton gets his usual warm welcome. The fans are happy with Barton. Straight into the thick of it here. It's a corner. It's a corner. It comes out to George Boyd. And Sanchez defending strongly. There's Coquelin. Taking a this time challenge from Mane. A bit appealing for a red card here. But I presume it'll be yellow. Yeah, it's a yellow card offence. Great desire for Mosul to get to the ball first. Having laid it off in the first instant. You can see he's getting to the end of this. Does really well to get there. He's just lunged in, hasn't he, Marnie? As he goes down. He'll just come into contact knee-to-knee. And clutches out his own right leg. He's in a bit of pain still there. There's the... Physio administers some kind of help to him. Well, his involvement may have ended, but nothing to do with the card that John Moss is holding in his hand, because you saw the twist on the knee as he made the challenge. So it may be that Sean Dyche was planning a substitution anyway. He'd been plotting to bring on Sam Vokes. Might be forced into one because of this injury. The stretch has been called for. And even though he's in play, his pain has been added to by the flourishing of the yellow card. Yeah, he's cut across, Ozil, and tried very hard to get the ball. I don't think there was anything malicious in there. And as they've come together, and as he's landed, you can see the grimace straight away. Hopefully it's not too serious, but this is not a good sight. Sean Dyche has tended towards stability in his team, and he's got a good selection. Operates with a small enough squad anyway. A little look at the goal from earlier, simple ball across. Four Burnley shirts there in the mix, but the one that rose highest and put in the goal rebound header was rewarded as Mustafi. Jacka, who was one of those celebrating, was doing anything but six minutes later when he was shown a red card. It's a real shame for Marnie. A tough one for a manager. Look at the player coming off of the stretcher just after he made the substitution. It's kind of knocked the wind out of their sails a little bit in terms of getting at Arsenal. It's a tough one for them to take. Player, I feel really sorry for him. Good, honest player, Marnie. It's an unfortunate way for his day to end. James Tarkovsky comes on for his ninth appearance in the Premier League, all of them from the bench. Tarkovsky's first task is to help defend against him. Mesut Ozil. Free kick. And actually Burnley are going to go for it because they're still going to go through with the other substitution as well. And Sam Vokes is coming on in place of Stephen De Voort. Vokes, who scored in the FA Cup defeat here last season. Again, his first task is to defend. Joey, ready for the eight! Ready for the eight! And a free kick. Aaron Pinchot, the defender, from the team. A free kick to the right of the defender. A free kick to the left of the defender. And a free kick to the right of the defender. Sainz's kick into an area busy with Burnley players. It was me who got his head to it. I needed to get a shout there. I think it's goalkeeper Tom Eaton who's been screaming at me to say there's no Arsenal shirt anywhere near them. He wasn't to know, so I chose to play it out. The time was Burnley's to waste earlier. Now no rush for Arsenal. especially in view of the fact they're a man light Ozil's kick, Staffie going for it again, it's come all the way through to Sanchez and Joey Barton is the man who gets rid of it from that Burnley penalty area Boyd Gray away by Gabriel good pace from Gray down there trying to get the cross in, that'll lift the Burnley players had a long furrow all day, now he'll have a lot more assistance in there that's the only clearing Loughton's cross, Tarkovsky trying to hold it up away by Laurent Koscielny it's in by Keane Kockenheim does well in a tight area here's Aaron Ramsey now Gabriel Ramsey Sanchez looks as though Laurent Koscielny at the moment is feeling some unease yeah he's hobbling a little bit and signalled over to the bench back up there against Olivier Giroud they would have the option of missing the ball there but it's not going to happen they would have the option of missing the ball there but it's not going to happen it's a great chance of moving Gabriel in and bringing Bellerin on maybe just assessing the situation now the objective really for Arsenal is to stay on Chelsea's coattails because there is that huge game looming on the 4th of February that you'll be able to enjoy with us here on Sky Sports Sky Sports 1 make a date 11.30 in the morning Saturday February the 4th Chelsea against Arsenal Chelsea in action after this against Hull so make sure you stay with us for that folks with the header down Gray with an opportunity there cleared there by Sanchez and Real just having to clear the lines Burnley showing plenty of ambition here Burnley showing plenty of ambition here and Arsenal having to do what Burnley were trying to do in the first half and just close them out Keane with the ball up towards Foulkes who gets the header on and Barnes stretches out and will it fall? well Gray was in there waiting but between them the Arsenal defenders did enough and now Mustafi has a problem oh it looks it's a bit opened up for them haven't it Foulkes he's made his presence felt really well it's two real important headers he's won and he sees it wanders around it just can't quite commit the pad even though he's sitting on the ground he's got to get it in the right place and he's got to get it in the right place but he can't really swing his leg properly at it so close oh you can see he's tried to put it in two decent balls into Foulkes the substitute and he's caused a bit of damage with both of them expect that to continue for the last 10 minutes or so especially with, with the arson defenders feeling a bit of pain yes of course he took one in the jaw from Ronaldo in the first half Mustafi, I think he took one in the nose then for Baleys a bit later it was half-and- CSV and Mané took one in the jaw then from Baleys a bit later it was half-and- CSV at that point all said fetched up but now Tali feeding in from Manel dangerous actors, especially with the Arsenal defenders, feeling a bit of pain Yes, of course he took one in the jaw from an elbow in the first half of the stuff I think he took one in the nose then from votes as he climbed for that Which is shaking him up Yeah folks. So this is the second he's only been on he gets across. Yeah, there is a Lean back. I don't think it's a violent elbow or anything like that again. He's playing momentum with his arms and I Think it's a tactic they'll stick to now in this last 10 minutes just keep playing it up to him keep get bodies around him and something may just drop The anxiety for Arsenal could be increased by potentially plentiful amount of stoppage time Yeah, send it off to quite a while and Marnie's injury Maybe five minutes or so Dangerous back pass with votes around check Alert to the danger Off the ball to rules twisted his ankle just trying to get onside There's a finding Alexis Sanchez She was hoping to get forward now, but Sanchez holding it up showing His footwork to George Boyd finding Francis Cochran Gabrielle Here's Mustafi Here's Mustafi Keane's header Koscielny Arsenal free kick Arsenal free kick Arsenal free kick Arsenal free kick Arsenal free kick Arsenal free kick episode 2 Introducer Big up towards Olivier Giroud His boot was high It's on Koski on the receiving end before that free kick Gabriel went to go forward for it and both Steve Bould and Arsene Wenger jumped up off their bench screaming at him to get back one they'll do now that's for sure his back from Barton folks loaded here's me towards folks once more Gabriel there's still in trouble Ward trying to get it across it's cleared there by Shkodran Mustafi the ball from Barton controlled in picking out Lothan Tchaikovsky Barton Sanchez in the way two ahead of Coquelin here one of them being Aaron Ramsey yeah holds the ball up dog has a little bit more time for our Sunday's really asking question of Sean Dice talking about crosses get the crosses in feels there's something for them there and he has a point Mustafi did well to clear the last one that came in we want the ball and the other end of the pitch Arsenal will be happy now keep it down on that corner Monreal Ozil Ozil freed by Gabriel near cross to deal with the situation Muniz play thereを bleibt not be coming on this kind of thing Laden growing still mega-functional systemsheet scale aspect by dropping Daniel Bellbeck is maybe planning to come on down as a power insulator to see this fella back hasn't really been Giroud's day that hasn't been that many crosses he hasn't been able to get to the end of a lot Welbeck with his energy and pace looks set to replace him Ward with a cross Boyd trying to get it through cleared by Gabriel Burnley attempting to turn the screw here Keane back from Tarkovsky here's May Joey Barton beyond the reach of Matthew Luton and Olivier Giroud's run of goals in consecutive games is halted at five unable to score today for a sixth game in a row but the Arsenal fans are delighted by the return of the new Danny Welbeck of whom we're still at the age of 26 talking terms of potential mainly as a result of the fact he suffered two really bad injuries since his move here from Manchester United the latest of which saw him absent for eight months he's been back for the last couple of away games on as a substitute now he has a chance to show what he can do back at the Emirates yeah Arsenal punters thrilled to see him back it's been a long journey for him Claire renowned quality you'll never forget the input that he had when he came up to us at Sunderland as a young lad destined for big things injuries have stopped him but he's feeling good to be out there tonight that's for sure holding what they have the key for Arsenal now and it could get increasingly difficult Ward with a cross and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's APPLAUSE Mesut Ozil is the player that Arsenal are going to take off to allow Bellerin's reintroduction. Hasn't played since the tortuous 3-0 draw at Bournemouth. And Bellerin didn't have his finest evening. Enter Bellerin! CHEERING It's going to go into midfield by the look of things. Gabriel has stayed in the right-back position, so it'll be there to try and stop the left-back, put the diagonal crosses in in these last few minutes. To Vokes, a willing Vokes. Here's Sanchez trying to get Burnley on the back foot, bringing Bellerin straight into it, cuts across towards Welbeck. And it's fallen here for... Coquelin! Good save by Heaton. Well, the substitutes having a real impact there. Good play, Bellerin got into a great position, wonderful pass bounced around, and terrific strike from Coquelin. Got some defending to do again. Burnley will keep pressing. Caution to the wind now, I expect. Coquelin. Good ball with which he's picked out Welbeck. Me, got in the way. Yes, he did, he didn't quite get it under control, his first touch, it kind of hit his tummy rather than his chest. And just crept away from Gavemey, the opportunity to get back in, but here's the diagonal ball from the full-back. There's the knockdown. Dealt with. Played by Koscielny. Here's Lothian. Well, I wonder then if... if Vokes leaping actually put Ashley Barnes off. Yeah, if he'd have been clever enough just to take a yard back there and let that situation assess, I think he'd have had a free header. Whoa. Well, a top five. Seven minutes the call. Tom Heaton urging his team on to the lead now, as we look back at his save. Really good save from the onrushing Coquelin, who gets hold of it, let's fly. Good stop. It's difficult for a goalkeeper captain to... It's difficult for a goalkeeper captain to... to rally his team when a goal is what is needed, and all the action's at the other end, but he's doing what he can to try and motivate his team to keep them going to the very end, showing the kind of patience for which Arsenal themselves have been famed in producing late winners and equalisers. Will those attempts for Arsenal be made to count for nothing by Burnley? Because Arsene Wenger's acknowledged that this is a must-win game, but winning it has been made all the more so, you know, by Burnley. It's not difficult by Granit Xhaka sending off, Lothar swings another one in, Vokes would have challenged for it, but a short calm there from Cech. Yeah, Dijon want to keep more of that going, but what an important catch that is by the goalkeeper, just stops everything. The crowd really appreciate it, and he took a knock earlier on Cech, but I do admire him for coming for that one, that was important. Team winning it back from Sanchez, for whom Arsene Wenger felt a free kick was merited. But it was a team cucumber there by treat usted. The graphic go Jay. J O J egg character commentary, whose replica from Capital One Burger King. There was no Tada for Badal Richard gambled a heart attack on parallels with Vaughn. And Trotter, goes for Isac. Arsenal's lead may well be wiped out here as John Moss again angers Arsenal. He'd already infuriated them with a sending off of Granit Xhaka, and he points straight to the spot. Yeah, it looks like Barnes is clipped by Coquelin, you'll see as it turns in here, the ball comes back pretty quickly. And just there, yeah, he doesn't make contact, that's in slow motion, but it happens quite quickly, he tries to control it rather than clearing it first, he leaves his left leg in... Barnes goes down... And I think John Moss gets it right. Well, there's a little bit of a debate, Joey Barton seemed to offer his services, but it will be Arsenal fan Andre Gray to try and cancel out this Arsenal lead. Gray equalises for Burnley! And what damage could that have done to the title hopes of the team that he saw? Arsenal are supported! Arsenal, Wenger will be furious, great moment for Burnley. And in particular Andre Gray, referee John Moss. Well, he's made the decision. He'll say he had no choice. And you know what, it's not too far away from Petr Cech getting a hand to that, but straight down the middle worked. Big moment for Burnley. As you rightly say, what does that do to Arsenal's title challenge? What does that do to Arsenal's title challenge? He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to get it in, but it's not going to work. He tries to control it first, I think that's the first bad decision, and then to leave his left leg out there, he's asking for trouble. And John Moss gets it absolutely correct, despite the protestation of Arsene Wenger, the crowd getting at him, the referee has been decisive. And you know what? I have a feeling he was ordering Arsene Wenger back off the pitch then. Well, Anthony Taylor is having to oversee it now, and sure enough, the Arsenal manager is heading to the end of the match. Well, Anthony Taylor is having to oversee it now, and sure enough, the Arsenal manager is heading to the end of the match. Well, Anthony Taylor is having to oversee it now, and sure enough, the Arsenal manager is heading to the end of the match. The crowd is heading away, absolutely furious. I'm sure they won't allow him to stay there in the mouth of the tunnel, will they? Well, with his arms on the fourth official and stewards trying to intervene, Anthony Taylor insistent that Arsene Wenger cannot remain in the position that he currently occupies. But the Arsenal manager seems pretty determined to stand his ground. It looked for a long time as though Arsenal would stand their ground here. But there was certainly contact from Coquelin on Ashley Barnes. Barnes certainly in the way that he fell made sure the referee saw it. And heads are being lost here, and Arsenal's frustration summed up by another yellow card now, this time for Shkodran Mustafi. Yeah, he's claiming he should have had a free kick, he's very, very frustrated. What he's got to do now is try and think about... Getting something positive out of it instead of arguing with the referee. Seconds ticking away. Not happy now, Ward's gone down looking for treatment. Arsenal players aren't happy with that. Oh, can you believe it, Arsenal control, everything going really well. They got their goal and the sending off really put them on the back foot. Coquelin, my first sense was he should have cleared it. First time instead of trying to control it, mis-controlled. Now look at the pain of this Arsenal team. Fair for all to see. Bellerin. Welbeck lets it run. Can Arsenal come up with another light winner? Sanchez with the strike, it gets away from Heaton, it's gone for a corner. Arsenal have done this so often this season. Winners against winners. Burnley, Southampton and West Brom late on. Can they come up with another one here? Sanchez looking for room. Mustafi has got plenty to aim at in the middle. Looks for Sanchez again. Who has lifted it in round the back, Koscielny. Was he caught there by Ben Mee? Yes! The referee's pointed to the spot. It's another penalty. Ashley Barnes was in the referee's face. Sean Dyche now has a grievance against a fourth official. There was a raise in the referee's face. This boot definitely on Koscielny, he's still down. And the referee pointed to the spot. Well, he took so long to give it, I was sure he wasn't going to. My first thought was penalty. Foot was raised really high in a dangerous fashion as he was heading the ball back towards goal. We'll see it here again. It's a Burnley-type ball, it's a punt in there. And he's had to reach down a little bit. I have a small bit of sympathy for me at this point. He's coming down, but he is a little bit out of control and he does catch him in the face. And having taken his time to give the decision, the referee eventually gives it. And do you know what? He tries to scramble back in to make sure he's onside. You could question that too. Well, the win is not guaranteed, but it's all down to Alexi Sanchez. Talk about a pressure penalty from a man who hasn't always had the cleanest record, but he converts this one! With cheek, with style, with coolness, Arsenal snatch it at the death! A magic penalty, a man full of confidence. Pressurised moment. He deals it with aplomb and a furious Sean Dyche, who questioned whether the player was offside, whether it actually was that high and that dangerous of a boot to give the penalty. Just look at that. Well, Ham has personified. The heat of the moment. And Arsenal's title challenge back on track. Well, there we go again. He is reaching down for it. And it's debatable whether Mee has actually got a high foot there or whether the player coming down makes it look higher than it is. He follows through and does catch him. There's no doubt about that. There's contact. Referee deems it dangerous enough to get the penalty. That's it. Kings of the late win.