certainly three substitutes out now to warm up but there's nobody warming up in the picture at half time, a couple of changes it looks as if Jesus Navas has gone across to the left, Pablo Zabaleta certainly on the right flank now, still three at the back Zabaleta with the throw, Amarte, one at Slimani, trying to develop a chemistry with Jamie Vardy Ahmed Moussa, the expensive signing, hasn't really been able to float his way in for any length of time he's on the bench again today, Houth winning the header lovely touch again from Mahrez, he's been full of that today Albrighton took his time, too much time Houth throwing it forward, all the onus here on Manchester City to change this game somehow, Gundogan to lay it wide now that's just Steve Stani who's gone out to the left-hand side now that's a little tweak from Pep Guardiola Leicester determined to stay tight and compact, Albrighton pushing in that's too near the goalkeeper that attempted cross from Zabaleta and that's a good one, but that's not going to be the end of the game that's the end of the game, it's going to be the end of the game I don't think he's the type to be hurling teacups around is he? well he's probably said to the players listen you've got us into this mess now I'm going to give you the opportunity to get us out of it of course he could have made changes that was the easy thing to do because there's so many players in this first half who really didn't show up long throw from Christian Foulkes Kefiger in the title win last season left back Zabaleta's header away doesn't go very far Foulkes has got another chance to play this one back in That was an opportunity there by Christian Fuchs there on his right foot. Unfortunately, he had a lot of bodies in there, Leicester, in that penalty area. Bit of a mismatch in there. Manchester City did come from behind to win at Burnley recently, but they weren't three behind. But also, Ian, they've had lots of possession, Manchester City, as we saw the stats before. They haven't really had any good chances, have they? Leicester have been quite comfortable defensively in the first half. Let's see if people start to tie in the second half. Silva. Navas. Silva again. Just a little too over-elaborate. Mahrez doing a rare piece of tracking back, but he's caused enough damage today anyway. Kolorov wins the free kick. Which they want to take quite... Quickly. Silva. Navas to play it in. Ian Acho looking for something spectacular. Will it drop for De Bruyne? No, it won't. For all Leicester's problems this season, they have only been beaten at home once. That was by West Bromwich Albion. The away form has been pretty wretched. What about Chelsea in the cup? Oh, yeah, I'm talking about the Premier League, Trevor. Come on, Trev. Don't try and catch him out like that. No, no, no, he's done that often enough. Navas again, waiting for Ian Acho, waiting in the middle for a chance. Lots of blue shirts. Backed up there. Gundogan. Gundogan. Navas Ian Acho got to the near post. Savaleta's shot was on its way. Blocked by Fuchs on the way through. De Bruyne had tried his luck and again and it's wide. And you get the feeling that it isn't Manchester City's day, don't you? Yeah, he's not getting handball for that. In all honesty, Ian Acho should have scored there. Misses the header completely. Good block by Christian Fuchs. He's not getting handball for that. Bounces off Albrighton. A little bit of frustration as he screws the ball wide. And he's got it. He's got it. Pavlos Savaleta trying his luck there. Of course, he was the scorer of a very famous Manchester City goal on the day they pitched the title in such dramatic circumstances against QPR. Ian Acho has been held back there by Hoop. He's way too quick for him. But has that turned back into trouble, I fear? Yeah. Now Gundogan. Navas. Navas. Ian, you're absolutely right about Hoop not having the pace. But the goalkeeper could have done better. His starting position is too deep. Yeah, he's just curling. It's that far corner, was it? Not that Hoop knew it was going wide. Better tempo, though, for Manchester City now. This starts the second half. Lipped off by Barby to Woods for him only. Sania. Good covering from him that time. Service had us down is a nice one. Nicely cushioned. Stills is going to be asking. Well, they're locked at De Bruyne now. We saw for the first time there, John Stones pushing on into midfield. Adding another player to what is already a pack. And it's a good sign for Leicester. I just think that the signs are ominous already for Leicester. I know that's 3-0 up, but it's all Man City. It's not going to be too long before they get themselves a goal. And they'll be right back in this game. De Bruyne. It's a very good punch indeed. Can I run, Robert? Say hello to the goalkeeper who played every game for five seasons in the Bundesliga for Hannover before coming to the East Midlands. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. Superman impression. There we go. It's a good punch though, isn't it? I'd rather have caught it, to be honest. I knew you'd say that. But it looked great. It looked good. I think the photographers enjoyed it, didn't they? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Manchester City again. Can they claw their way back against all the odds? In this game. Collar off having to go long. Ian Acho up against the whole defence. He's taking the blow to the face there. Morgan too. Both of them ending that. Holding on to their face. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Really seen the blow to Morgan, and there you are. want De Bruyne. Looking to fit the February natural set. Count me in any case, see the might in very good site. There was on a couple of times I see. Not, you know, but it's offside a few times as well. So you. There So there. He had to hold his run, he had to hold his run again. So it was a tie, on the bench and he was on the same reinforcing team as Dan Re Lemon. When he finally came off to send the ball in, it was it wasn't something you'd need trying the net. He was the man to keep at 15? That's right. That's right. Returning the ball into the first half. When it finally comes, he is, he's offside. Doesn't need to be because he's quicker than Huth, as I showed before. Well, they're playing with fire. Leicester defending as high up the pitch as they are. They don't have enough pace to do that. If they continue to do that, somebody will break that line and they'll come through from midfield because, as I mentioned, there's plenty of bodies coming from deep. Some will make that run and penetrate that back four. Well, Leicester haven't kept a clean sheet in the Premier League since October 2nd against Southampton. There we go. There's the first one. It's by Raheem Sterling. Paul Brighton. He's on the ball there. And Marty found a nice angle for that one. It's Andy King. Chipped up. There's a two. Snacking it. And Navas, that was protesting Behrman. He didn't get the last touch on that. Michael Oliver says he did. I think he was right. I think it's a good defensive header by Navas and it comes off Mahrez, I think. It's only looks like it. There you go. Fair as day. It comes off Mahrez. This was the last touch. It should have been a goal kick. Manchester City were arguing. Had a point there. I could tell by the players' reaction. There were enough of them making the point. He wasn't one of those half-hearted, give us this one ref. As it is, the corner is given. Here it comes. Sonny got it away. And now it's Marty's effort. He hasn't scored for Leicester City yet. There's Raheem Sterling. He's got a knee injury. He suffered in that fearful collision with Burnley's Ben May recently. Sonny wanted a lot of time. Slimani wasn't prepared to give him it. And Gundogan's got himself in bother there. To be fair to him, he did rescue it. Hoops with a header. Much more drive and determination. About Leicester City. Much more of the old fight we saw last season. That's what Claudio Ranieri was calling for again. They do love to play with fire back there. Although Pep Guardiola would have other descriptions of it. Here's De Bruyne. Zabaleta, can he slide a good ball in here? Silva. De Bruyne. Ian Acho. Laid back. Gundogan. And tried to part it in almost. But not quite. His reaction says it all. He certainly should have got it on target. He picks up a very nice position, actually, Gundogan. You see him here creeping into the box. Finally comes some. And the man of his quality should have done better. He's attracted, isn't he? See what he's trying to do. Feed it into that far corner. He does know his way to goal as well. You might remember he scored two in the win over Barcelona in the Champions League. Good goal scoring here for Gundogan. Yaya Toure. Coming up as well here. Navas is coming up. Toure to replace Ian Acho. It's an interesting one. Yep. So they've taken off the leader of the line, as it were, in Ian Acho. So how will they play this game? They're going to play three at the back. Seven in the middle of the field. I don't know who's going to play off-front. It looks like Yaya's going to stood up there. At the end of the game against Burnley recently, as the man playing furthest forward. Yeah. And Stern's first involvement. It goes down under King's challenge. And King was determined to welcome him to the game there. Alright. Hand-off... icipate that ball. übrig, mono, the guard. Nadine... деньги. He Vors fittinst hey. Tresthij-Miyosh. You nuts,üdse investments. Yeah. and top of the table on goals scored above Chelsea for the time being great win for Burnley at home against Bournemouth Crystal Palace in another multi goal thriller and Swansea much needed good for them with a Sunderland his Zabaleta for Manchester City Kolarov Sterling Fuchs with the header away for Leicester City Leicester haven't beaten Manchester City at home since 1988 in the league when David Pleat was the manager and Gary McAllister was in the Leicester team back then he was a big part of the club's history and he was a big part of the club's history to John Stones who was here the day Leicester were crowned champions with Everton last season which is his last visit Sterling he's got the job of creating some havoc down that side Sterling Fuchs with a great header away there when it comes to Silva and it's well done back helping out, gets that one away Sterling Leicester's view of the game this very much now what we have we hold and anything else we can get on the break we'll take that to Bobby's going down with a little injury city certainly don't have to stop the game for it this yeah yeah Torre a letter just a city in need of goals they've been rattling them in away from home most of the season twos and threes and fours Zabaleta cutting inside on his left foot what can he do it's bending shit yeah King got the final touch actually it was a good touch see yeah and he can't get to and slots down again picks it up Lester City pen back in their own penalty area here De Bruyne to play this one in and it's well-held in the end by Ron Roberts-Sealer determined to keep a clean sheet again is a nice ball by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando Mani on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne Simone on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando Simone on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando for Sannehmen he was cool enough there Marian survival again he can again go up toaisy punch on the goalpost and I think right now their estava a lack de Murray Martinez, he's relaxed it's a ballả Ya a barça trafella en Trevano's tentorio экcelebrado salcando no rec stainedi Jan Trouillet deUND00 the player scored was hisinspire Inter على koyer большion of the plinge que o Started holding by Daval- تم par straba a morso alves o P Centre Real quietly drowned part of Arneamat Angelos for Leicester City there how easy was that Thunderman doesn't make a challenge a look at Kolorov here just waltzes around him should have done better Slimani with his left foot there Manchester City fans watching this are thinking it's just a bit too easy against our defense that's what they must be thinking Casey there are issues to address there's no sugar coating that Sterling trying to run Simpson who's not having it that's good positive play though by Raheem Sterling don't forget all the issues from today's games lots of goals discussed tonight Premier League tonight at 8 o'clock beating Sport 1 HD for that one good show well we're tuning in for there might be a fair bit of discussion about what's going on here as well Kolorov name being played almost exclusively in this half of the pitch now and the only one who's not in the game is the manager of the Premier League Silva bent to Sterling who couldn't control it just looking at the movements of Torre he's constantly pulling to the ball that's because he's not a recognized center forward one thing with Pep Guardiola is he's not predictable is he I can't think of a coach or a manager in the Premier League with half an hour to go your team losing 3-0 would pull off your only second goal in the Premier League you're losing 3-0 you pull off your only second goal in the Premier League three times you've lost in the Premier League one of the best tacklers in the team with a central striker in the team he took off ianaccio who incidentally over the last one and a half seasons in terms of minutes per goal is top of all the regular scorers in the Premier League even ahead of his teammate Aguero as he plays a whole lot less often I must admit I'm a bit of a question of Sanya he's the last one Bravo is goalkeeper No comments. Manchester City do have to get this sorted out because the suspension of those key players will go on for a little while. And, of course, next Sunday they have to play Arsenal at home. Slimani. Vardy. It's kind of stone's cut as well. He's doing really well, Jamie Vardy. A lot of the time off the ball, his movement has been brilliant. Always looking for the ball over the top. I mean, this is an opportunity, but all throughout the game he's been on the line, keeping himself onside, but causing Manchester City defenders all kinds of problems. Slimani with the header back, it's marvellous in the end. Going back on your point, I think Jamie Vardy's hurt, but I think he's hurt a lot of the criticism that's come his way about his work rate dropping and maybe him resting on his laurels a bit. And probably he's been quietly seething, but he's maybe determined to go out and do something about it. Vardy's been excellent here this afternoon, but he hasn't had to search for the space. It's been given to him. It's there. One more, he'll get his first Leicester City hat-trick. Silva. Silva. Nicely cut out. And Simpson fancies his chances coming forward. He's taken out of it, and it will be not only a free kick, but a yellow card as well for Fernando. I don't know whether he got the ball there, Fernando. I thought it was OK. Let's have a look. He gets up a little bit on the balls, doesn't he? There, yeah. It's the man after. I think he was unfortunate there. Picked up a yellow card. Further the season for him. By the way, the amnesty kicks in on New Year's Eve for the five yellows. They don't disappear, they just carry on. And if you get 10, you get a two-game ban later on. Nolito. Hasn't been good to have him stay in there. And there was such a start for Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund. And Nolito. Comes on the 30-year-old Spaniard. Yeah, he's gone to play it. In the centre-forward area. Morgan. Still 3-0, as it's been since the 20th minute of the game. You're just coming home from a match and a late tuning in. Leicester were two up in four and a half minutes here. Alexander Kolarov. Yaya Toure. Sitting deeper now, it would seem. Looks like Nolito's gone to play up front there. Where they had Iheanacho in the first place. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley again. Sturley is going behind. 24 Sturley. Sturley's gone. Sturley's gone. Schefter is straight plate. One for... Xelia. that once the city not moving the ball quick enough sterling just run into trouble in the end blue shirts everywhere congesting the space and looking to counter the assistant Ian was a couple of yards away from himself you presume it wasn't everybody wants to come centuries on these very very congested in the middle of that park if anything you want Raheem sterling and tablet is a stay nice and wide and keep the pitch as big as possible to create more space Manchester City are looking for things really from their wide man here yeah silver it's got the key to the door it might be him yeah yeah tourists looking for a one-two ferocious challenge came in from a hoop there David Silva Ross gonna have to work to keep that in play he does so silver collar off fizzing it across the face of goal to no avail they're not really testing sealer that much look how many munches the city plays in the danger area when this ball comes in Nolito that is it that is it oh he did miss at the assistance that was a ball that's deliver a handball was the assistance is just there at a shot how he missed it got away with one by Matt John stones Jake Collingley official and that's on it it's a bit of a comeback concert for Leicester City this so far and looking forward to to the draw for the Champions League on Monday when it's possible like the draw Real Madrid or Bayern Munich 40% chance of pulling one of those two out of the hat brilliant wouldn't it be brilliant for less than the fans play out one of those iconic games that would be brilliant for Leicester and the fans play out one of those iconic games stadiums they could get Paris Saint-Germain Sevilla or Bayer Leverkusen of course Manchester City in the hat as well with us Monday morning Sterling again here Touré looking to measure one for Zabaleta it's not quite happening for Manchester City is it not making chances are they not making chances at all I can't understand why Zabaleta is playing as high off the field as is on the right-hand side when you've got so many natural wide players in the team I mean De Bruyne's playing central Silva's playing central you've got Raheem Sterling on the left wants to come inside the pitch on to his right foot and into that congested area I don't know whether it's best if Raheem comes out on the wide right and Leroy Sarno or somebody wide left is it? just make the pitch big because there's nothing to lose now Mahrez there you go Ian look at that on target zero for Manchester City that's incredible for a team with this amount of attacking options Claudio Ranieri by the way has a great record playing against Manchester City he's never lost in eight meetings in the Premier League he's won seven of them the other was the draw here last season it stays 3-0 for a clean sheet any chance of him buying pizzas for the team next league year or is that finished now? I think that might be finished yeah that was last year's incentive Leicester make a mistake here and give it to Raheem Sterling it's De Bruyne this time cutting inside twisting turning trying to find the right ball for Nolito pizzas certainly out of Manchester City I'm told it's been replaced by mixed nuts by Pep Guardiola this season after games there you go there's a bit of information for you there amazing what you find out it's a letter Torre did get a couple didn't he at Crystal Palace on a storybook return Premier League matches coming up Chelsea against West Bromwich Urban that's a noon kickoff make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night tomorrow for that one and there are midweek games to look forward to as well Arsenal going to Goodison Park on Tuesday on Wednesday it'll be Manchester United's visit to Crystal Palace and in this slot next week we're at the Hawthorns for West Bromwich against Manchester United picked up by Jamie Vardy in the first down let's see what Manchester City is doing in the last 1.5 times City's got sort of a been indoors I think City will continue concede Concede Manchester City will be in action themselves in midweek and home to Watt but before that big Arsenal clash ですね The ball is coming inside very well in this particular fixture Shinji Okazaki scorer last week at Sunderland as a substitute very fine goal too on the near post but it was just a mere bright spot for Leicester who deservedly beat them in that game this de Bruyne yet another misunderstanding we've said that a fair few times today this time between Sane and Zabaleta... Sane winning the header this time as well Sterling free kick to Manchester City but there have been times today where Manchester City have been in a big situation where they would have had to run and do their job Man City have been in a big situation where they would have had to run and do their job Manchester City have indeed looked like characters in search of a plot The area there Since he signed up all of the women scored in this stadium I played his part the first all the deep Put Jamie Bobby through nice quick pass Akizaki who's been named as the Asian player of the year very nice. Congratulations soon Splendid servant since arriving That's the city was a key player in the title win Maybe another song player absolutely Is Morris Trying to get back in stones is going to be able to cut this one out boys of all ball from stone Yes Oh Watch Missed by John stones Jamie body Has a battery Nightmare for him He looked impossible to finish it from that angle the body dead it's an incredible finish here to wash There wasn't much to aim at and he's anticipating John stones doing this because he knows what type of player he is. It's a poor ball Oh There it is there it is He knows Jamie Barty He's got his hands in the air as he's celebrating behind the goal Very nice he gets his hat trick to well-deserved hat trick It's over the line Let me tell you that's the first hat trick Jamie Barty has scored since getting one for Fleetwood against Emsfleet in the conference in 2012 in front of 1411 spectators What a day for him But I'm afraid that goal rather sums it up the way it's been the Manchester City today a catalogue of chaos and errors I think we really saw the benefit there of goal line technology because I think without it Possibly Jamie Barty would not have been given that goal in the hat trick But it was the correct decision, of course And the goal I think it was taken brilliantly He needed the ball to go in that direction, but he was too much pressure to go in that direction, so it was a bit of a challenge to get it out of the way And he was too close to score, it was such a difficult angle It was in its way a sensational finish It was a bit like the Rigi finish last week, the Liverpool ball But he had to go through a very small space to get it in the back of the net And he executed it perfectly It was almost the work of a precision engineer, wasn't it? Yeah Very well done for Jamie Barty Well-deserved hat trick, as I said Off camera, Ian His work great And his movement has been fantastic tonight He deserves it Listen to the noise around the King Power Stadium now Feels like last May again Remember Leicester started the day only one point above the drop zone With lots of worries and anxieties Trevor Leto Silver And it's a foul there It will be a free kick on the edge of the box here for Manchester City It's starting to be a bit of a woody Trevor, isn't it? He concedes a three to Chelsea, four today I spoke about the imbalance of the squad, Steve Not enough defenders, not enough good defenders There's also a problem in the central striking area Because quite clearly the manager doesn't fancy Ian Attsall If Aguero's not available, he's got a huge problem Because you saw then, Silver came inside, looked to play off the front man And there wasn't anybody central Nobody there Free kick here's a lovely angle for Kolarov's left foot this But he's the one who's going to hit it De Bruyne wants it as well though Oh, and it's beautifully done by Kolarov Magnificent free kick from him for Manchester City It isn't free kick from him, 4-1 But surely too late for Manchester City now, you'd think anyway Yeah, perfect angle as you rightly said, Ian Whips it in, doesn't he? Goalie, no chance Up and down, good movement on it For the five goals to celebrate today Lovely technique from Kolarov We know he's capable of doing things like that Yeah He's been able to create very, very few chances in open play But he really is an expert when it comes to set pieces as we saw then He's scored before against Leicester In the FAM League Cup Done that sort of thing before And here's one in the Premier League as well for Alexander Kolarov His first of the season by the way Yeah, he just got it up and over Marko Reitens' head, wasn't he? He was arguably the smallest person in the world I mean, he's just a little bit taller The Pogba is a little bit shorter But that's the man who'll be making the headlines Not for the first time He's on the chase here, Stones with the head-away, not a good one from him. Okazaki making a nuisance of himself, and it'll be a free kick for Zabaleta, which was fouled by the Japanese international. A very satisfying day for him. Yeah, he was really upset midweek with the performance in Porto by his sort of second-string players, but actually it's been proved to a certain extent correct to rest all those players, because the team have put in a really good shift today. And I want to see that continued as well, down at Bournemouth in midweek. After that, Leicester have got Stoke away, Everton at the top of the line, and then they've got Stoke away, West Ham at home, coming up. All fixtures where they'll feel they can get something to climb the table. Mahrez, working back. De Bruyne up. Neither him nor David Silva have really been able to be the kind of influence Manchester City would have wanted in this second half, but here is Silva, Zabaleta. Silva cuts that back and the header is straight at the goalkeeper. Not going to be a problem. Yeah, took a little deflection off one of the Leicester defenders. Nice by Zabaleta, picks up Nolito. Just not enough power, is he, just off West Morgan. Here's Yaya Torre, quick feet from him. Back in the fold now, if not in the Champions League squad, whether he gets into it. And the squad's reorganised in the new year for the knockout stages. We shall see. Only Pep Guardiola is happier with his state of fitness and his weight now. Fernando with the cross-field ball. Sterling against the odds, won the header. Sterling. Not many people. Oh, going into this game, least of all him, would have expected this scoreline. Oh, yeah, I think we all knew it was going to be a difficult game today, didn't we, for Manchester City? We didn't expect anybody, even the most ardent Leicester fan, expected a scoreline like this at the start of the game, like this. I think he's going to get the treatment here, Jamie Vardy, the old ploy with the manager, building his confidence, even further. By taking him off early so he can get the big standing ovation. I think that's the plan of Claudio Ranieri anyway. It's going to be 12 points out of 27 for Manchester City. And of course, after they started the season, winning their first six Premier League games. First goal in a season. You've seen it from home, I bet you it's a significant moment for node. But at the moment, it's Larry Poulet, always making spies wait for him outside, preparing for the game to generate an early bottom, and now managing it for the season. Con injustly, you saw the touch on Paul II. Paul wasn't keen on the press when he explodedłą leaving it for the team andworthpub as he danced down the pitch after mistake of that, as he rode off immediately there. day this week a little bit of frustration I fancy there from him so wasn't too bad well here's our substitution we were talking about the whole of the King Power Stadium well at least the ones wearing Leicester City scarves and shirts anyway rises to him his first hat-trick for Leicester and his first hat-trick since his days with Fleetwood in the conference that was a really nice hat-trick as well those first two goals were quite easy for him but that one was really difficult as Trevor said he perfectly placed it they had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it that's what Vardy all thinks that's what Vardy all thinks that's what Vardy all thinks Demaree Gray former Birmingham youngster to replace Vardy late on in the pace here Demaree Gray former Birmingham youngster to replace Vardy late on in the pace here the name Leicester City took a stranglehold of within the first five minutes what does this all mean for Manchester City? what does this all mean for Manchester City? I've got wiser people than me standing either side of me what do you think guys? I've got wiser people than me standing either side of me what do you think guys? Firstly for me it's easy to say after a 4-1's rubbish like this that he needs to sort out the defensive area I still think that a lot of the players have no idea where to play and how to play I think that baffles a lot of them it really does they've still got the best squad they'll probably invest in January so you know Manchester City will be fine but they're gonna have to sort out this problem but they're gonna have to sort out this problem I agree Steve I think he's got to settle on what he wants to do whether it's going to be a three or a back four and stick with it for a few games and allow players to get familiar with what he wants and allow players to get familiar with what he wants to try and get some kind of understanding between the players because at the moment they look lost because at the moment they look lost been a difficult day De Bruyne for Manchester City De Bruyne for Manchester City and their supporters you've been in the top two in four of the last five seasons you've been in the top two in four of the last five seasons won two titles in that time won two titles in that time Guardiola to be fair to him did say when he arrived this could be my biggest challenge it may not be that I'm successful straight away it may not be that I'm successful straight away a difficult phase just at the moment you feel a difficult phase just at the moment you feel for Manchester City having lost against Chelsea last week again they feel they probably did enough to win again they feel they probably did enough to win or be in control of when Chelsea hit them with a three or be in control of when Chelsea hit them with a three goals and that's Leicester this time giving it away and that's Leicester this time giving it away at Marte it was and here's Sterling at Marte it was and here's Sterling at Marte it was and here's Sterling the goalscorer to De Bruyne the goalscorer to De Bruyne again and Nolito again and Nolito makes it 4-2 clever finish from the Spaniard to put a more respectable gloss on it to put a more respectable gloss on it to Manchester City much better wasn't it round the sides again who's had a strange type of game today who's had a strange type of game today and he's done it defensively shows us worth going forward again makes a nice run fizzes it in Nolito's there to stick in the back of the net Nolito's there to stick in the back of the net good finish from the Spanish international who hasn't scored since his 30th birthday goal who hasn't scored since his 30th birthday goal against Everton two months ago against Everton two months ago four minutes four minutes four minutes have added time have added time I hope so you're not allowed to say that you're supposed to be a neutral player I am neutral it just makes it an exciting last few minutes that's what I mean yeah yeah yeah still have to play this through here's Nolito Sterling cuts it back Lester making a nuisance of this and they're really making a mess of things at the back just for a moment Nolito is in there again here and it was also reminiscent of the second goal and it was also reminiscent of the second goal fizzed in this time by Raheem Sterling and Nolito nearly sticks in the back of the net again just fading away at the far post just fading away at the far post here comes Christian Fuchs here comes Christian Fuchs this doesn't seem as if he wants to go off he does not want to go off it's Mahrez I think that's gone off it's Mahrez I think that's gone off they let that they let that change of mind there change of mind there here comes Matty James who was a big part of the Leicester team that got promoted nice midfield players had a nightmare with injury one and a half years with injury one and a half years cruise ship problems great to see him back he's getting his own chart from the Leicester fans as well haven't forgotten him big moment really has made the bench before couple of weeks ago but now he's back on the pitch if only for a minute or two Okazaki will get a yellow here's why her game Spinney There's no normal There's no microphone playing broken I don't know comes away with the ball and we'll have danny drinkwater back in midweek leicester in that midfield after his suspension ends