certainly three substitutes out now to warm up but there's nobody warming up in the picture at half time, a couple of changes it looks as if Jesus Navas has gone across to the left, Pablo Zabaleta certainly on the right flank now, still three at the back Zabaleta with the throw, Amarte, one at Slimani, trying to develop a chemistry with Jamie Vardy Ahmed Moussa, the expensive signing, hasn't really been able to float his way in for any length of time he's on the bench again today, Houth winning the header lovely touch again from Mahrez, he's been full of that today Albrighton took his time, too much time Houth throwing it forward, all the onus here on Manchester City to change this game somehow, Gundogan to lay it wide now that's just Steve Stani who's gone out to the left-hand side now that's a little tweak from Pep Guardiola Leicester determined to stay tight and compact, Albrighton pushing in that's too near the goalkeeper that attempted cross from Zabaleta and that's a good one, but that's not going to be the end of the game that's the end of the game, it's going to be the end of the game I don't think he's the type to be hurling teacups around is he? well he's probably said to the players listen you've got us into this mess now I'm going to give you the opportunity to get us out of it of course he could have made changes that was the easy thing to do because there's so many players in this first half who really didn't show up long throw from Christian Foulkes Kefiger in the title win last season left back Zabaleta's header away doesn't go very far Foulkes has got another chance to play this one back in That was an opportunity there by Christian Fuchs there on his right foot. Unfortunately, he had a lot of bodies in there, Leicester, in that penalty area. Bit of a mismatch in there. Manchester City did come from behind to win at Burnley recently, but they weren't three behind. But also, Ian, they've had lots of possession, Manchester City, as we saw the stats before. They haven't really had any good chances, have they? Leicester have been quite comfortable defensively in the first half. Let's see if people start to tie in the second half. Silva. Navas. Silva again. Just a little too over-elaborate. Mahrez doing a rare piece of tracking back, but he's caused enough damage today anyway. Kolorov wins the free kick. Which they want to take quite... Quickly. Silva. Navas to play it in. Ian Acho looking for something spectacular. Will it drop for De Bruyne? No, it won't. For all Leicester's problems this season, they have only been beaten at home once. That was by West Bromwich Albion. The away form has been pretty wretched. What about Chelsea in the cup? Oh, yeah, I'm talking about the Premier League, Trevor. Come on, Trev. Don't try and catch him out like that. No, no, no, he's done that often enough. Navas again, waiting for Ian Acho, waiting in the middle for a chance. Lots of blue shirts. Backed up there. Gundogan. Gundogan. Navas Ian Acho got to the near post. Savaleta's shot was on its way. Blocked by Fuchs on the way through. De Bruyne had tried his luck and again and it's wide. And you get the feeling that it isn't Manchester City's day, don't you? Yeah, he's not getting handball for that. In all honesty, Ian Acho should have scored there. Misses the header completely. Good block by Christian Fuchs. He's not getting handball for that. Bounces off Albrighton. A little bit of frustration as he screws the ball wide. And he's got it. He's got it. Pavlos Savaleta trying his luck there. Of course, he was the scorer of a very famous Manchester City goal on the day they pitched the title in such dramatic circumstances against QPR. Ian Acho has been held back there by Hoop. He's way too quick for him. But has that turned back into trouble, I fear? Yeah. Now Gundogan. Navas. Navas. Ian, you're absolutely right about Hoop not having the pace. But the goalkeeper could have done better. His starting position is too deep. Yeah, he's just curling. It's that far corner, was it? Not that Hoop knew it was going wide. Better tempo, though, for Manchester City now. This starts the second half. Lipped off by Barby to Woods for him only. Sania. Good covering from him that time. Service had us down is a nice one. Nicely cushioned. Stills is going to be asking. Well, they're locked at De Bruyne now. We saw for the first time there, John Stones pushing on into midfield. Adding another player to what is already a pack. And it's a good sign for Leicester. I just think that the signs are ominous already for Leicester. I know that's 3-0 up, but it's all Man City. It's not going to be too long before they get themselves a goal. And they'll be right back in this game. De Bruyne. It's a very good punch indeed. Can I run, Robert? Say hello to the goalkeeper who played every game for five seasons in the Bundesliga for Hannover before coming to the East Midlands. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. De Bruyne. Superman impression. There we go. It's a good punch though, isn't it? I'd rather have caught it, to be honest. I knew you'd say that. But it looked great. It looked good. I think the photographers enjoyed it, didn't they? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Manchester City again. Can they claw their way back against all the odds? In this game. Collar off having to go long. Ian Acho up against the whole defence. He's taking the blow to the face there. Morgan too. Both of them ending that. Holding on to their face. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Really seen the blow to Morgan, and there you are. want De Bruyne. Looking to fit the February natural set. Count me in any case, see the might in very good site. There was on a couple of times I see. Not, you know, but it's offside a few times as well. So you. There So there. He had to hold his run, he had to hold his run again. So it was a tie, on the bench and he was on the same reinforcing team as Dan Re Lemon. When he finally came off to send the ball in, it was it wasn't something you'd need trying the net. He was the man to keep at 15? That's right. That's right. Returning the ball into the first half. When it finally comes, he is, he's offside. Doesn't need to be because he's quicker than Huth, as I showed before. Well, they're playing with fire. Leicester defending as high up the pitch as they are. They don't have enough pace to do that. If they continue to do that, somebody will break that line and they'll come through from midfield because, as I mentioned, there's plenty of bodies coming from deep. Some will make that run and penetrate that back four. Well, Leicester haven't kept a clean sheet in the Premier League since October 2nd against Southampton. There we go. There's the first one. It's by Raheem Sterling. Paul Brighton. He's on the ball there. And Marty found a nice angle for that one. It's Andy King. Chipped up. There's a two. Snacking it. And Navas, that was protesting Behrman. He didn't get the last touch on that. Michael Oliver says he did. I think he was right. I think it's a good defensive header by Navas and it comes off Mahrez, I think. It's only looks like it. There you go. Fair as day. It comes off Mahrez. This was the last touch. It should have been a goal kick. Manchester City were arguing. Had a point there. I could tell by the players' reaction. There were enough of them making the point. He wasn't one of those half-hearted, give us this one ref. As it is, the corner is given. Here it comes. Sonny got it away. And now it's Marty's effort. He hasn't scored for Leicester City yet. There's Raheem Sterling. He's got a knee injury. He suffered in that fearful collision with Burnley's Ben May recently. Sonny wanted a lot of time. Slimani wasn't prepared to give him it. And Gundogan's got himself in bother there. To be fair to him, he did rescue it. Hoops with a header. Much more drive and determination. About Leicester City. Much more of the old fight we saw last season. That's what Claudio Ranieri was calling for again. They do love to play with fire back there. Although Pep Guardiola would have other descriptions of it. Here's De Bruyne. Zabaleta, can he slide a good ball in here? Silva. De Bruyne. Ian Acho. Laid back. Gundogan. And tried to part it in almost. But not quite. His reaction says it all. He certainly should have got it on target. He picks up a very nice position, actually, Gundogan. You see him here creeping into the box. Finally comes some. And the man of his quality should have done better. He's attracted, isn't he? See what he's trying to do. Feed it into that far corner. He does know his way to goal as well. You might remember he scored two in the win over Barcelona in the Champions League. Good goal scoring here for Gundogan. Yaya Toure. Coming up as well here. Navas is coming up. Toure to replace Ian Acho. It's an interesting one. Yep. So they've taken off the leader of the line, as it were, in Ian Acho. So how will they play this game? They're going to play three at the back. Seven in the middle of the field. I don't know who's going to play off-front. It looks like Yaya's going to stood up there. At the end of the game against Burnley recently, as the man playing furthest forward. Yeah. And Stern's first involvement. It goes down under King's challenge. And King was determined to welcome him to the game there. Alright. Hand-off... icipate that ball. übrig, mono, the guard. Nadine... деньги. He Vors fittinst hey. Tresthij-Miyosh. You nuts,üdse investments. Yeah. and top of the table on goals scored above Chelsea for the time being great win for Burnley at home against Bournemouth Crystal Palace in another multi goal thriller and Swansea much needed good for them with a Sunderland his Zabaleta for Manchester City Kolarov Sterling Fuchs with the header away for Leicester City Leicester haven't beaten Manchester City at home since 1988 in the league when David Pleat was the manager and Gary McAllister was in the Leicester team back then he was a big part of the club's history and he was a big part of the club's history to John Stones who was here the day Leicester were crowned champions with Everton last season which is his last visit Sterling he's got the job of creating some havoc down that side Sterling Fuchs with a great header away there when it comes to Silva and it's well done back helping out, gets that one away Sterling Leicester's view of the game this very much now what we have we hold and anything else we can get on the break we'll take that to Bobby's going down with a little injury city certainly don't have to stop the game for it this yeah yeah Torre a letter just a city in need of goals they've been rattling them in away from home most of the season twos and threes and fours Zabaleta cutting inside on his left foot what can he do it's bending shit yeah King got the final touch actually it was a good touch see yeah and he can't get to and slots down again picks it up Lester City pen back in their own penalty area here De Bruyne to play this one in and it's well-held in the end by Ron Roberts-Sealer determined to keep a clean sheet again is a nice ball by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando Mani on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne Simone on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando Simone on the chase a difficult pass by De Bruyne just defeated Fernando for Sannehmen he was cool enough there Marian survival again he can again go up toaisy punch on the goalpost and I think right now their estava a lack de Murray Martinez, he's relaxed it's a ballả Ya a barça trafella en Trevano's tentorio экcelebrado salcando no rec stainedi Jan Trouillet deUND00 the player scored was hisinspire Inter على koyer большion of the plinge que o Started holding by Daval- تم par straba a morso alves o P Centre Real quietly drowned part of Arneamat Angelos for Leicester City there how easy was that Thunderman doesn't make a challenge a look at Kolorov here just waltzes around him should have done better Slimani with his left foot there Manchester City fans watching this are thinking it's just a bit too easy against our defense that's what they must be thinking Casey there are issues to address there's no sugar coating that Sterling trying to run Simpson who's not having it that's good positive play though by Raheem Sterling don't forget all the issues from today's games lots of goals discussed tonight Premier League tonight at 8 o'clock beating Sport 1 HD for that one good show well we're tuning in for there might be a fair bit of discussion about what's going on here as well Kolorov name being played almost exclusively in this half of the pitch now and the only one who's not in the game is the manager of the Premier League Silva bent to Sterling who couldn't control it just looking at the movements of Torre he's constantly pulling to the ball that's because he's not a recognized center forward one thing with Pep Guardiola is he's not predictable is he I can't think of a coach or a manager in the Premier League with half an hour to go your team losing 3-0 would pull off your only second goal in the Premier League you're losing 3-0 you pull off your only second goal in the Premier League three times you've lost in the Premier League one of the best tacklers in the team with a central striker in the team he took off ianaccio who incidentally over the last one and a half seasons in terms of minutes per goal is top of all the regular scorers in the Premier League even ahead of his teammate Aguero as he plays a whole lot less often I must admit I'm a bit of a question of Sanya he's the last one Bravo is goalkeeper No comments. Manchester City do have to get this sorted out because the suspension of those key players will go on for a little while. And, of course, next Sunday they have to play Arsenal at home. Slimani. Vardy. It's kind of stone's cut as well. He's doing really well, Jamie Vardy. A lot of the time off the ball, his movement has been brilliant. Always looking for the ball over the top. I mean, this is an opportunity, but all throughout the game he's been on the line, keeping himself onside, but causing Manchester City defenders all kinds of problems. Slimani with the header back, it's marvellous in the end. Going back on your point, I think Jamie Vardy's hurt, but I think he's hurt a lot of the criticism that's come his way about his work rate dropping and maybe him resting on his laurels a bit. And probably he's been quietly seething, but he's maybe determined to go out and do something about it. Vardy's been excellent here this afternoon, but he hasn't had to search for the space. It's been given to him. It's there. One more, he'll get his first Leicester City hat-trick. Silva. Silva. Nicely cut out. And Simpson fancies his chances coming forward. He's taken out of it, and it will be not only a free kick, but a yellow card as well for Fernando. I don't know whether he got the ball there, Fernando. I thought it was OK. Let's have a look. He gets up a little bit on the balls, doesn't he? There, yeah. It's the man after. I think he was unfortunate there. Picked up a yellow card. Further the season for him. By the way, the amnesty kicks in on New Year's Eve for the five yellows. They don't disappear, they just carry on. And if you get 10, you get a two-game ban later on. Nolito. Hasn't been good to have him stay in there. And there was such a start for Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund. And Nolito. Comes on the 30-year-old Spaniard. Yeah, he's gone to play it. In the centre-forward area. Morgan. Still 3-0, as it's been since the 20th minute of the game. You're just coming home from a match and a late tuning in. Leicester were two up in four and a half minutes here. Alexander Kolarov. Yaya Toure. Sitting deeper now, it would seem. Looks like Nolito's gone to play up front there. Where they had Iheanacho in the first place. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley. Sturley again. Sturley is going behind. 24 Sturley. Sturley's gone. Sturley's gone. Schefter is straight plate. One for... Xelia. that once the city not moving the ball quick enough sterling just run into trouble in the end blue shirts everywhere congesting the space and looking to counter the assistant Ian was a couple of yards away from himself you presume it wasn't everybody wants to come centuries on these very very congested in the middle of that park if anything you want Raheem sterling and tablet is a stay nice and wide and keep the pitch as big as possible to create more space Manchester City are looking for things really from their wide man here yeah silver it's got the key to the door it might be him yeah yeah tourists looking for a one-two ferocious challenge came in from a hoop there David Silva Ross gonna have to work to keep that in play he does so silver collar off fizzing it across the face of goal to no avail they're not really testing sealer that much look how many munches the city plays in the danger area when this ball comes in Nolito that is it that is it oh he did miss at the assistance that was a ball that's deliver a handball was the assistance is just there at a shot how he missed it got away with one by Matt John stones Jake Collingley official and that's on it it's a bit of a comeback concert for Leicester City this so far and looking forward to to the draw for the Champions League on Monday when it's possible like the draw Real Madrid or Bayern Munich 40% chance of pulling one of those two out of the hat brilliant wouldn't it be brilliant for less than the fans play out one of those iconic games that would be brilliant for Leicester and the fans play out one of those iconic games stadiums they could get Paris Saint-Germain Sevilla or Bayer Leverkusen of course Manchester City in the hat as well with us Monday morning Sterling again here Touré looking to measure one for Zabaleta it's not quite happening for Manchester City is it not making chances are they not making chances at all I can't understand why Zabaleta is playing as high off the field as is on the right-hand side when you've got so many natural wide players in the team I mean De Bruyne's playing central Silva's playing central you've got Raheem Sterling on the left wants to come inside the pitch on to his right foot and into that congested area I don't know whether it's best if Raheem comes out on the wide right and Leroy Sarno or somebody wide left is it? just make the pitch big because there's nothing to lose now Mahrez there you go Ian look at that on target zero for Manchester City that's incredible for a team with this amount of attacking options Claudio Ranieri by the way has a great record playing against Manchester City he's never lost in eight meetings in the Premier League he's won seven of them the other was the draw here last season it stays 3-0 for a clean sheet any chance of him buying pizzas for the team next league year or is that finished now? I think that might be finished yeah that was last year's incentive Leicester make a mistake here and give it to Raheem Sterling it's De Bruyne this time cutting inside twisting turning trying to find the right ball for Nolito pizzas certainly out of Manchester City I'm told it's been replaced by mixed nuts by Pep Guardiola this season after games there you go there's a bit of information for you there amazing what you find out it's a letter Torre did get a couple didn't he at Crystal Palace on a storybook return Premier League matches coming up Chelsea against West Bromwich Urban that's a noon kickoff make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night make a date with us from 1130 to Monday night tomorrow for that one and there are midweek games to look forward to as well Arsenal going to Goodison Park on Tuesday on Wednesday it'll be Manchester United's visit to Crystal Palace and in this slot next week we're at the Hawthorns for West Bromwich against Manchester United picked up by Jamie Vardy in the first down let's see what Manchester City is doing in the last 1.5 times City's got sort of a been indoors I think City will continue concede Concede Manchester City will be in action themselves in midweek and home to Watt but before that big Arsenal clash ですね The ball is coming inside very well in this particular fixture Shinji Okazaki scorer last week at Sunderland as a substitute very fine goal too on the near post but it was just a mere bright spot for Leicester who deservedly beat them in that game this de Bruyne yet another misunderstanding we've said that a fair few times today this time between Sane and Zabaleta... Sane winning the header this time as well Sterling free kick to Manchester City but there have been times today where Manchester City have been in a big situation where they would have had to run and do their job Man City have been in a big situation where they would have had to run and do their job Manchester City have indeed looked like characters in search of a plot The area there Since he signed up all of the women scored in this stadium I played his part the first all the deep Put Jamie Bobby through nice quick pass Akizaki who's been named as the Asian player of the year very nice. Congratulations soon Splendid servant since arriving That's the city was a key player in the title win Maybe another song player absolutely Is Morris Trying to get back in stones is going to be able to cut this one out boys of all ball from stone Yes Oh Watch Missed by John stones Jamie body Has a battery Nightmare for him He looked impossible to finish it from that angle the body dead it's an incredible finish here to wash There wasn't much to aim at and he's anticipating John stones doing this because he knows what type of player he is. It's a poor ball Oh There it is there it is He knows Jamie Barty He's got his hands in the air as he's celebrating behind the goal Very nice he gets his hat trick to well-deserved hat trick It's over the line Let me tell you that's the first hat trick Jamie Barty has scored since getting one for Fleetwood against Emsfleet in the conference in 2012 in front of 1411 spectators What a day for him But I'm afraid that goal rather sums it up the way it's been the Manchester City today a catalogue of chaos and errors I think we really saw the benefit there of goal line technology because I think without it Possibly Jamie Barty would not have been given that goal in the hat trick But it was the correct decision, of course And the goal I think it was taken brilliantly He needed the ball to go in that direction, but he was too much pressure to go in that direction, so it was a bit of a challenge to get it out of the way And he was too close to score, it was such a difficult angle It was in its way a sensational finish It was a bit like the Rigi finish last week, the Liverpool ball But he had to go through a very small space to get it in the back of the net And he executed it perfectly It was almost the work of a precision engineer, wasn't it? Yeah Very well done for Jamie Barty Well-deserved hat trick, as I said Off camera, Ian His work great And his movement has been fantastic tonight He deserves it Listen to the noise around the King Power Stadium now Feels like last May again Remember Leicester started the day only one point above the drop zone With lots of worries and anxieties Trevor Leto Silver And it's a foul there It will be a free kick on the edge of the box here for Manchester City It's starting to be a bit of a woody Trevor, isn't it? He concedes a three to Chelsea, four today I spoke about the imbalance of the squad, Steve Not enough defenders, not enough good defenders There's also a problem in the central striking area Because quite clearly the manager doesn't fancy Ian Attsall If Aguero's not available, he's got a huge problem Because you saw then, Silver came inside, looked to play off the front man And there wasn't anybody central Nobody there Free kick here's a lovely angle for Kolarov's left foot this But he's the one who's going to hit it De Bruyne wants it as well though Oh, and it's beautifully done by Kolarov Magnificent free kick from him for Manchester City It isn't free kick from him, 4-1 But surely too late for Manchester City now, you'd think anyway Yeah, perfect angle as you rightly said, Ian Whips it in, doesn't he? Goalie, no chance Up and down, good movement on it For the five goals to celebrate today Lovely technique from Kolarov We know he's capable of doing things like that Yeah He's been able to create very, very few chances in open play But he really is an expert when it comes to set pieces as we saw then He's scored before against Leicester In the FAM League Cup Done that sort of thing before And here's one in the Premier League as well for Alexander Kolarov His first of the season by the way Yeah, he just got it up and over Marko Reitens' head, wasn't he? He was arguably the smallest person in the world I mean, he's just a little bit taller The Pogba is a little bit shorter But that's the man who'll be making the headlines Not for the first time He's on the chase here, Stones with the head-away, not a good one from him. Okazaki making a nuisance of himself, and it'll be a free kick for Zabaleta, which was fouled by the Japanese international. A very satisfying day for him. Yeah, he was really upset midweek with the performance in Porto by his sort of second-string players, but actually it's been proved to a certain extent correct to rest all those players, because the team have put in a really good shift today. And I want to see that continued as well, down at Bournemouth in midweek. After that, Leicester have got Stoke away, Everton at the top of the line, and then they've got Stoke away, West Ham at home, coming up. All fixtures where they'll feel they can get something to climb the table. Mahrez, working back. De Bruyne up. Neither him nor David Silva have really been able to be the kind of influence Manchester City would have wanted in this second half, but here is Silva, Zabaleta. Silva cuts that back and the header is straight at the goalkeeper. Not going to be a problem. Yeah, took a little deflection off one of the Leicester defenders. Nice by Zabaleta, picks up Nolito. Just not enough power, is he, just off West Morgan. Here's Yaya Torre, quick feet from him. Back in the fold now, if not in the Champions League squad, whether he gets into it. And the squad's reorganised in the new year for the knockout stages. We shall see. Only Pep Guardiola is happier with his state of fitness and his weight now. Fernando with the cross-field ball. Sterling against the odds, won the header. Sterling. Not many people. Oh, going into this game, least of all him, would have expected this scoreline. Oh, yeah, I think we all knew it was going to be a difficult game today, didn't we, for Manchester City? We didn't expect anybody, even the most ardent Leicester fan, expected a scoreline like this at the start of the game, like this. I think he's going to get the treatment here, Jamie Vardy, the old ploy with the manager, building his confidence, even further. By taking him off early so he can get the big standing ovation. I think that's the plan of Claudio Ranieri anyway. It's going to be 12 points out of 27 for Manchester City. And of course, after they started the season, winning their first six Premier League games. First goal in a season. You've seen it from home, I bet you it's a significant moment for node. But at the moment, it's Larry Poulet, always making spies wait for him outside, preparing for the game to generate an early bottom, and now managing it for the season. Con injustly, you saw the touch on Paul II. Paul wasn't keen on the press when he explodedłą leaving it for the team andworthpub as he danced down the pitch after mistake of that, as he rode off immediately there. day this week a little bit of frustration I fancy there from him so wasn't too bad well here's our substitution we were talking about the whole of the King Power Stadium well at least the ones wearing Leicester City scarves and shirts anyway rises to him his first hat-trick for Leicester and his first hat-trick since his days with Fleetwood in the conference that was a really nice hat-trick as well those first two goals were quite easy for him but that one was really difficult as Trevor said he perfectly placed it they had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it and he had to come off the post to get the angle to bounce it that's what Vardy all thinks that's what Vardy all thinks that's what Vardy all thinks Demaree Gray former Birmingham youngster to replace Vardy late on in the pace here Demaree Gray former Birmingham youngster to replace Vardy late on in the pace here the name Leicester City took a stranglehold of within the first five minutes what does this all mean for Manchester City? what does this all mean for Manchester City? I've got wiser people than me standing either side of me what do you think guys? I've got wiser people than me standing either side of me what do you think guys? Firstly for me it's easy to say after a 4-1's rubbish like this that he needs to sort out the defensive area I still think that a lot of the players have no idea where to play and how to play I think that baffles a lot of them it really does they've still got the best squad they'll probably invest in January so you know Manchester City will be fine but they're gonna have to sort out this problem but they're gonna have to sort out this problem I agree Steve I think he's got to settle on what he wants to do whether it's going to be a three or a back four and stick with it for a few games and allow players to get familiar with what he wants and allow players to get familiar with what he wants to try and get some kind of understanding between the players because at the moment they look lost because at the moment they look lost been a difficult day De Bruyne for Manchester City De Bruyne for Manchester City and their supporters you've been in the top two in four of the last five seasons you've been in the top two in four of the last five seasons won two titles in that time won two titles in that time Guardiola to be fair to him did say when he arrived this could be my biggest challenge it may not be that I'm successful straight away it may not be that I'm successful straight away a difficult phase just at the moment you feel a difficult phase just at the moment you feel for Manchester City having lost against Chelsea last week again they feel they probably did enough to win again they feel they probably did enough to win or be in control of when Chelsea hit them with a three or be in control of when Chelsea hit them with a three goals and that's Leicester this time giving it away and that's Leicester this time giving it away at Marte it was and here's Sterling at Marte it was and here's Sterling at Marte it was and here's Sterling the goalscorer to De Bruyne the goalscorer to De Bruyne again and Nolito again and Nolito makes it 4-2 clever finish from the Spaniard to put a more respectable gloss on it to put a more respectable gloss on it to Manchester City much better wasn't it round the sides again who's had a strange type of game today who's had a strange type of game today and he's done it defensively shows us worth going forward again makes a nice run fizzes it in Nolito's there to stick in the back of the net Nolito's there to stick in the back of the net good finish from the Spanish international who hasn't scored since his 30th birthday goal who hasn't scored since his 30th birthday goal against Everton two months ago against Everton two months ago four minutes four minutes four minutes have added time have added time I hope so you're not allowed to say that you're supposed to be a neutral player I am neutral it just makes it an exciting last few minutes that's what I mean yeah yeah yeah still have to play this through here's Nolito Sterling cuts it back Lester making a nuisance of this and they're really making a mess of things at the back just for a moment Nolito is in there again here and it was also reminiscent of the second goal and it was also reminiscent of the second goal fizzed in this time by Raheem Sterling and Nolito nearly sticks in the back of the net again just fading away at the far post just fading away at the far post here comes Christian Fuchs here comes Christian Fuchs this doesn't seem as if he wants to go off he does not want to go off it's Mahrez I think that's gone off it's Mahrez I think that's gone off they let that they let that change of mind there change of mind there here comes Matty James who was a big part of the Leicester team that got promoted nice midfield players had a nightmare with injury one and a half years with injury one and a half years cruise ship problems great to see him back he's getting his own chart from the Leicester fans as well haven't forgotten him big moment really has made the bench before couple of weeks ago but now he's back on the pitch if only for a minute or two Okazaki will get a yellow here's why her game Spinney There's no normal There's no microphone playing broken I don't know comes away with the ball and we'll have danny drinkwater back in midweek leicester in that midfield after his suspension ends Fernando getting an early touch, he's taking the place of Fernandinho who will be quite a big miss I think for Manchester City apart from Aguero because he's been certainly one of their best players this season there you go in straight from the start, looks as if Manchester City are playing with three at the back Kolorov, John Stones, Kari Sanjeic, you see Zabaleta has pushed infield straight away looks as if they've got two wing-backs in Kevin De Bruyne and Kersu's Navas Zabaleta did play in midfield and played pretty well against Celtic in that dead rubber game in the Champions League in midweek here is Stones of course it was Leicester's win away to Manchester City back in February that made everybody believe they really could pull off the sensation it was a stylish win but of course it's been a different story this year with the title defence going pretty wrong Raheem Sterling by the way is on the bench for Manchester City today as is Yaya Toure we wonder whether Sterling had come straight back in after his injury, not so Navas still getting the nod there is Sanje goes out of play on the far side and it's a good sign for Manchester City and they're waiting in reserve that is a multi-million pound Manchester City bench yeah the manager can't blame the lack of depth in his squad he's got over 100 million pounds worth sitting there come on by Fernando rather unwittingly by the look of it and Stones had to help out and it's a good sign for Manchester City now collar off Manchester City switching all the time between a back four and a back three this season that in multitudinous changes Vardy getting the ball and here and putting Manchester City Leicester City in early on in the game Jamie Vardy with the goal he breaks the drought at last after three months without a goal and Manchester City in trouble straight away what a start for Leicester what a relief for Vardy and it's a lovely goal as well great touch by Mahrez to Slimani big punt by collar off easy header he wins it here look at this touch by Mahrez absolute that to Slimani and he's a stinker where's Jamie Vardy simple pass gets across collar off lovely lovely finish what a start to the game great finish by Vardy certainly not short of confidence 16 games without a goal and it's over now the manager knows what it means and that's a huge inward sigh of relief for Jamie Vardy looks like we're gonna have some goals here as well Chef well I talked about it two or three minutes ago that there were 23 goals prior to the game today's game the type of surfaces are greasy it suits forwards and I think any team would be able to do that and they'll gain confidence when they see a that City back line that consists of Sanya, Stones and Collaroff to play a back three today is more than surprising they've made too many changes this season City and the problems are there for everyone to see in the opening few minutes it was an excellent goal well taken by Vardy but City they caused themselves problems and it's generated a huge noise around this stadium Leicester in need of the points in the relegation argument at the moment and they now have a clear two-month passage without Champions League football to try to put some points in the bag and climb the table Christian Fuchs is going to take the long throw as Trevor said it is a day where conditions are greasy there was no need to water this pitch the heavens did that he's Slimani here and looking to bat the second oh and done brilliantly too it's Andy Kim with a wonderful strike what a sensational start within five minutes Leicester City have turned it over Pep must be thinking what on earth is happening talk about sixes and sevens Manchester City came from a long throw just causes absolute chaos in there another hoot to Slimani lovely ball lay back to Dwansey King talk about Jamie Vardy's nice finish what about this gets a hand to it Bravo I think but it's not strong enough let's have a look yep fingertips to it Steve two weeks ago I was at Burnley and I talked about City's inability to deal with anything eerily Leicester have watched that the long throw in simple throw in they don't deal with the initial first ball they don't have a good headers of the ball one incredible stuff is Andy King's first goal of the season that won the player who remembers Leicester's days down in the third tier in League One lovely strike could the goalkeeper have done better Leicester don't care here's Navas incredible start to the game Manchester City have now kept one clean sheet in their last 17 matches in all competitions given the ball away there in midfield Gondouane of all people but as Trevor said Ian when you saw the Manchester City line up today I don't think even the fervent Manchester City fan thought they'd keep a clean sheet today it's all about outscoring the opposition at the moment they're too vulnerable at the back Steve as a former footballer you wanted to play in your preferred position where you know the position you're most comfortable when I look at this Man City side Zappaletta he's not a midfield player Sanya is not a player to play in a back three Stones is a back four player is Mahrez jinking his way through is it going to be another one Stones got the challenge in an important one and Gondouane can bring it away but Leicester City there were threatening another one two goals in the first four and a half minutes for Leicester City I don't know what happens but it looks as if Zappaletta's gone out to play wide right now Trevor he's over there I wonder whether he's going to play on the right hand side or whether he's going to come back into the central midfield position two minutes and 15 seconds between the two goals a bad goal every couple of minutes one may continue I think I'm right in saying that every home team this afternoon scored three goals I don't have hopes of doing that Trevor Leicester City now Manchester City for the only plus here is they have got a long time to try to rescue the situation they were one down in four minutes the other night against Celtic as well quickly came back in that game here's De Bruyne now Silva this suits Leicester though Ian they just dropped right back getting a nice shape let City have the ball down the sides Navas bringing for a bit of wing wizardry Agamemnon and Marti getting it away it's been a tough introduction for him trying to fill the big boots of Angelo Conte they really have missed him Leicester City this season Leicester's loss of course has certainly been Chelsea's gain Silva again Navas is seeing a lot of the ball on that side cut back too far for Gündoğan who was furthest forward there was a nice ball by Zappaletta though Michael Oliver in charge today after his eventful day at Goodison Park here's the two goals in case you're a little late in maybe you've been at a match yourself Vardy ending his drought like this and then a second one Sutrus hit from Andy King Sutrus hit from Andy King and then a second one looking at the two goals again we saw that on many occasions last year didn't we Vardy going clear and striking for goal and finding the corner of the net good to see him back in form as for the second goal I'd be disappointed with my keeper if he didn't save that Gravel may be good on the floor but he doesn't make big enough saves I haven't seen him make a save yet to keep City in the game in any game since he's been there it's a debate of course which will go on not least among Manchester City fans themselves it's the man under the microscope Claudio Bravè with 110 caps for Chile and 8 trophies with Barcelona Stones Zappaletta in that unfamiliar midfield role he's a player who's been playing for the Premier League for a long time I could say he's another player really playing out of position no matter how well he played against Celtic in the week don't remember him playing in the midfield in the Premier League that often I actually don't even know where he's playing he started off in the centre midfield Ian but now they're 2-0 down he's gone right back into the right back position you can see the two in the first five minutes and he's changed he's gone right back to a flat back four it looks like now Pep Guardiola said after the defeat against Chelsea an hour later I was saying to myself I'm very happy I'm confident this is going to be a good season for us so he's made a good start here at Leicester Fernando tries to get himself out of that little corner Leicester's ball typical Vardy pressing that's what they've been missing this season you just wonder now that they've not out of the Champions League of course but there's a big gap now before it starts again the knockout stage in February whether they can concentrate their minds on the Premier League it appears so at the moment there's been a lot of talking behind the scenes here trying to get things right Huth this time on the near post he scored twice in that big game at the Etihad last season Robert Huth yeah Fernando gets across and helps Bacardi, Sane-Yerawada and it's a corner but they are dangerous at set pieces aren't they there's a distinct lack of height in that Manchester City defence without you know an Otamendi or a Kompany or whoever plays it centre half it's a turbocharged start this from Leicester City Huth has stayed up here and wins the header and then Slimani tries to turn it goalwards he's just got too much on it wasn't quite cute enough with the eventual finish well that's all they're going to do all afternoon Leicester isn't it just stick it in the box stick it in the box and cause chaos City getting themselves in a mess again with Slimani looking to cut it down it was another anxious moment for Bravo this has been a nervous unconvincing start by City you give the ball away again there at the moment you'd have to say the Manchester City look at sixes and sevens here three sustained goals by Leicester City and the score is 2-0 three suspensions have hit them at once of course going into this game Gundogan looking to play it wide here's Navas to Silva Silva to Curl too long for Iheanacho who was in that stance was waiting for that to drop never did quite dropping the way that he wanted to Mahrez kind of appreciating the play on the broad canvas and Vardy breaking into space here Slimani waiting in the middle back to King Christian Fuchs City trying to find that old magic feeling they had last season when they were so dynamic and so organised and so tough to beat they only lost three times on the way to their title win they've already lost seven times this season that's half their fixtures they started this game really really well and they've been a lot quicker with the ball you see Alde right there when he received the ball from Mahrez a nice crossfield pass one thing was to get it over to Vardy as soon as possible it's De Bruyne and Manchester City do have the place to get themselves back in this one of them's on the ball now it's De Bruyne oh and it just ended the touch from Iheanacho he's got a little one that was all but he was offside anyway how did he manage to turn that in? yeah you've got no problems with Manchester City pouring forward Ihean they've got great great forwards haven't they you see Iheanacho there's offside they've got great forwards and you've got no problem that they'll score goals I think they'll score goals today it's just a matter of time it's just the other end which is a big problem for them Manchester City fans literally singing in the rain here after the side banged in two goals in the first four and a half minutes of the game uncle Jong-un and we're watching to see if we can have the升 in the air he sees Collaroff aimed towards Iheanacho where's Morgan watching that from in the air the Leicester City captain Fernando only Tottenham in the Premier League has managed to stop Manchester City from scoring this season the scores earlier on plenty of goals around and Arsenal going to the top on goals scored ahead of Chelsea for the moment VT Sport against West Bromwich Albion tomorrow it's a noon kickoff by the way Premier League tonight of course at 8 o'clock discussing all the big issues on VT Sport 1 and that Chelsea West Brom game tomorrow at noon kick off we're on the air at 11.30 we're on the air at 11.30 difficult one for Fuchs to control he did a pretty good job of it on this skiddy surface Morgan had to rather stretch for that and that too is nice and strong Mahrez round the corner again Mahrez very surprisingly hasn't scored yet in open play in the Premier League this season just three penalties one of Leicester's problems or has been the supply line between Mahrez and Vardy has dried up yeah well it was Slimani today who put Vardy through but it was a lovely touch wasn't it by Mahrez to Slimani so he was certainly involved in the first goal but as we've seen in the last few games he's got a lot of good players in the Premier League Robbie and Dunne said in the studio before that that chemistry just hasn't been clicking today as De Bruyne smashes one out of play and he never seems worried but he must be a bit worried Trevor well when you look at his record over the years you know it seems a little bit petty to criticize one who's had so much success but all I feel he's doing at the moment is just causing unnecessary confusion to his players but he's got a lot of good players in the Premier League you know the team changes every game defensively clearly the players didn't know what was expected of them when they got on the field when this is a case the opposition they smell blood you know you're at the most vulnerable when you're changing your system week in week out and they've struck early Leicester Leicester whose own confidence might have been a bit fragile exactly what they needed of them is the impact that they've had to take as well well Barra Sangha spread wide for De Bruyne up number one number one number one number number four six four five six seven Fernando, it's only his fourth Premier League start of the season. Oh, Madden, he might make allowances for the conditions, but not too many, I think that was Simpson. He was never going to get it, you knew he was only one. There was only going to be one result there. As soon as you start lunging, he's never there. Steve, just prior to that, as that ball was struck acrossfield, it travelled all of 50 yards, and when the ball was in the air, Mahrez really should have anticipated it, gone and closed down De Bruyne. Danny Simpson will miss the trip to Bournemouth in midweek, and a full set of midweek fixtures coming up, and Simpson will be out of that one, so that will be a change to the regular back four that Leicester will be having to make. De Bruyne to swing this in, one Manchester City goal could change the mood completely, of course. Cele punched it away. APPLAUSE Missed the Algerian. Slimani was away for a lot of money, best part of £30m. Fair to say not all Leicester's signings have gelled straightaway. Kolarov bringing this one forward, and hit the referee, Michael Oliver. They're off again. Fuchs' ball is a good one. Mahrez, instant ball, Vardy's in here, this is another one, 3-0! Manchester City ripped apart again, and Jamie Vardy is back in business in a major way now. It's like slow-mo, you can see it happening about ten seconds prior. Kolarov steps forward, they get a bit of misfortune when the ball ricochets off Michael Oliver, but one straight ball, and Mahrez is through. It was a sumptuous touch again, look how open they are, Manchester City. Look how open they are. CHEERING I mean, this touch, like his first one, was beautiful, beautiful, right on a plate. Makes his mind off the goalkeeper, he comes tearing out, Vardy's only going to do one thing, but how can you concede goals like this when you're 2-0 down? CHEERING CHEERING Right, shelling Peeves, that one, for Jamie Vardy. Oh, they're the ones you want, aren't they? They're the ones you want. Back in the old routine. Riyad Mahrez, the statsmen tell me, had only created one chance all season in over 900 minutes for his old buddy Jamie Vardy before today, he's certainly set up that one. Well, there's the home team score to each other anyway. Well, I'm just thinking, Steve, I don't want to be smug, but I kind of anticipated this. If you can't defend, then you have a huge problem, especially on an afternoon against Vardy and Mahrez, who are at the top of their form. Fernando, Zabaleta, Navas... Deflected behind, corner kick... Let's sit back and enjoy this game, then, because there's going to be more goals, I think, the way the two teams are playing. APPLAUSE Curled in there, there wasn't a bit of space that the ball got that far, it never was going to, really. APPLAUSE And another very poor pass. APPLAUSE It's Gundogan. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Winding back the clock a few months, and yet another errant ball in midfield. Leicester City, here they come again, their rampant is Mahrez. Slimani's arriving on the back post, Mahrez may go alone! This time Bravo does make the save. That was curling towards the corner, too. Yeah, I think that was simple enough for the goalkeeper, but again... Chaos, confusion, whatever you want to say. But no real leadership. Mahrez just drove forward, and nobody attacked the ball or anything, just let him get a shot off in the end. A worrying day, this, for Manchester City and their supporters. Three down in 20 minutes. Against the Leicester City side, who came into this match in no sort of form, really. Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! And it's Silva. Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Leicester! Zabaleta. And now Navas again. De Bruyne. Trying to find half a yard to get his shot away. Navas and Zabaleta, and he went for the catch. Poor ball. Good opportunity. A real lot of unforced errors from Manchester City. You see here, this is 40 yards away from the goal. Keeps on going, keeps on going, keeps on going. No pressure on the ball whatsoever. Nobody goes and stops and thinks, you know what, I'd better go and tackle this fella. Once he gets into the box, gets his shot away, Pep's a fine of them. Why are they allowing him to come on to his left foot? Have they never seen him play before? Good question, that. Match to ponder by Pep Guardiola. This is the lowest points return at this stage. In all his time as a manager. That's not the point I'm worried about, Ian, it's the level of performance today. Really lacklustre. Lots and lots of mistakes they've made as well today. I suppose that will be the question, if you're a real cynic, did Michael Oliver, the referee, have a bit of an assist in that third goal? Here's De Bruyne. Collar off, it's the slider nearly falling right out here. Morgan reading that. Leicester have the bit back between their teeth. They have to face accusations that they haven't worked hard enough, that the old spirit is gone. And some of the stats do support those arguments, and Claudio Ranieri himself used the word complacent about his team earlier this week. No complacency today. Steve, have a look at Collar's position now. He's supposed to be playing his one of three at the back. He's playing high up on the left-hand side. More in an attacking wingers position. De Bruyne now. They're getting a lot of players behind the ball. Noticeably Albrighton coming in from the side to beef up that central midfield area. Silver's looking for a little one-two. It's Iheanacho and back to Collar. He can hit them! Now there's plenty of power, but not much direction. And he's got it. He's got it. Yeah, they work the space well, actually. And if you want it to fall to anybody, you want it to be called off on his left peg, but that's the final result. Now let's look back on the goal again. This hits Michael Oliver in the build-up. Leicester get the ball. And how many touches after that do they need to score? There you go. Boats in the machine there, but it's two touches in. Juan Tamarez and a lovely ball through to Vardy, who finish it off. It's even quicker on that replay. It was quick, wasn't it, there? Really quick. The speed of it running backwards was amazing. But still, when it hits Michael Oliver, it's on the edge of the Leicester box. There's no excuses, really. I think it was Fuchs, wasn't it, with the big left-footed diagonal pass? Yeah. Here's Vardy again. Too short, that one, for Albrighton. Silva's ball. Now that's as quick, buddy. Not quick enough to catch that one. Well, have a look at that again. Michael Oliver won't be happy. That hits him, goes to Fuchs. This is some ball. Yeah, but there's only one person who's expecting it, isn't he? And it's Mahrez. And then Jamie Vardy just runs away from Kolarov. It was a subdued touch, wasn't it, by Mahrez. Well back to form. That was beautiful, that. We saw Kolarov last week, didn't we, trying to catch Hazard. It looks like he's running through Treacle. And we've got the same thing there. The Muppets. aparece Cam kep stop Galveon's out-hands regimes close even through the ل Hem depend hills go so Captain Foles. slow so you know there's no urgency to move the ball forwards simpson has to go backwards this time not quite sure of his bearings for a moment if the bounce was kind enough for the serving in the end Zabaleta they are missing Fernandinho in a big way i'd say so far in this game among others of course there's no Sergio Aguero put any blame on Ian Nacho so far no service for him yet real big test here now of what Manchester City are made of can they plot a route back into this game from what looks a near impossible situation a number of years ago Manchester City coming from three down with 10 men in a cup tie at Spurs and winning 4-3 i need something like that Zabaleta found a good ball that time on side Silva now that's getting the cross away it's only gone as far as Zabaleta Gundogan miscue from him De Bruyne missed the corner kick with Kevin De Bruyne the Belgian international to take it a 55 million pounds signing flicked on the near post and just wide very very nearly for Kolorov there yeah that was unlucky actually that was good flick by Fernando Kolorov powers over Wes Morgan he does his job Wes Morgan eventually that was a quick there it was a close one sorry Kolorov does well big let off that for Leicester Kolorov will be feeling he could have put that in and at the other end the latest chaos yeah and eventually it gets hoofed i mean you don't mind teams playing from the back but when you're getting when you're getting pressured there's two or three blue shirts there you should forget about it and clear your lines a lot of young children playing Sunday morning football tomorrow i hope they're not going to watch that and try and do that tomorrow their fathers are telling him exactly the same thing Trevor is that Navas on his right hand side interesting to see how Pep Guardiola might reorganize things and how he goes about trying to find a way back in this game still plenty of time Kolorov thinks about the cross shot again he thinks about the cross shot again he's got a long way to go but that's what he's after. Trevor is that Navas on his right hand side. Trevor is that Navas on his right hand side. about the cross shot again it hits silver on the way back to De Bruyne and say they're sort of quite late just to have let in two in each of their last four games in the Premier League who's getting it away back in by De Bruyne and away by Morgan Manchester City beginning to knock a little harder at the door a bit more possession by City in good areas Leicester just retreating a little bit De Bruyne to drive that one goes across it just wanted a touch from somebody that's Wes Morgan and Robert Hutu in the job on collar up and John Stones here's the ball from De Bruyne the news on Kasper Schmeichel as he was pushing to play in this game and he was pushing to play in this game after his broken hand but it was decided he wasn't quite ready but he could return in midweek that game at Bournemouth which Danny Simpson will now miss because of the yellow card accumulation he's got work to do now up against De Bruyne Trevor how to Leicester play this now from three up well they've got to play intelligently of course you know the three nil up which they would have anticipated I think they're gonna try and get to three nil at half time and then decisions can be made without doubt if Ranieri was managing in Serie A in Italy he would bring off one of the forwards and go four five one he's not managing in Italy and he may stick with four four two because it's a different type of game in England if anything this should suit them even more shouldn't it Trevor they can just play on the counter attack again well midweek games to look forward to and before that Chelsea against West Bromwich Albion tomorrow 11 30 with a 12 o'clock kicker Chelsea looking to go back on top in midweek on Tuesday great game as Everton play Arsenal at Goodison be a massive atmosphere for that we're on the air at seven o'clock on the following night Crystal Palace against Manchester United in this slot next week West Bromwich Albion's game against Manchester United West Brom in pretty good form at the moment under Tony Pulis and that one ended 5-5 one year didn't it Sir Alex's last game his stones for Manchester City Navas can he get past Fuchs pick up Zabaleta easily cut out he was in again there Vardy if Amati could have found him Schlimm again there Vardy if Amati could have found him Schlimm again there Vardy if Amati could have found him Mane breakdown in communication between him and Vardy who apologizes for not having made a little run to latch on to that from De Bruyne and Manchester City have done that a lot this time it's left to giving it away with Mara's though it's De Bruyne again the weather's the weather a little bit of water surface water slowing the ball up but everybody seems to be giving the ball away players you wouldn't think would be doing it De Bruyne shortcut Guardiola is thinking despite the three-nil deficit Manchester City are not dead in this game of course not of course not Manchester City are not dead in this game of course not of course not too much quality they need to do something defensively and that's the problem they kill his heel at the moment in time they kill his heel at the moment in time collar off collar off this time from 30 yards out but look at our picture there Ian there's all the Leicester team that's what Manchester City have to try and break down now because the three-nil down so condensed they're letting them go wide so condensed they're letting them go wide the Saints then if you're going to come into the middle of the park you're going to have to break this wall of glue down it's really tough to do that you're going to have to break this wall of glue down it's really tough to do that look at that fast stat there look at that fast stat there the one that matters is at the bottom of your picture now the one that matters is at the bottom of your picture now absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely Gundogan Gundogan Navas again Navas again Silva Navas driving it across and Robert Hoopton Silva driving it across and Robert Hoopton doing his job well doing his job well Gundogan to Silva Navas Navas and again he can't get the cross that matters Navas and again he can't get the cross that matters Leicester with the luxury now Leicester with the luxury now Leicester with the luxury now trying to keep it tight and play trying to keep it tight and play on the counter which they've done of course to on the counter which they've done of course to some effect for some time now some effect for some time now I think it spooks his back lead up It's okay Gundogan again De Bruyne towards the back post De Bruyne towards the back post Iheanacho and Salah just it's going to hit the John Stones now and one couldn't bring it under control at the moment here comes the attempted break with Islam Slemani don't well found body Amati Mara's a got a first-time ball as a mini ball that much but when he's flitted into the action it's been with spectacular results I wonder if Jamie Vardy could have just told her I'm thinking to leave it there it's always stretching it's interesting the starting position of Mares is more than attacking midfield player on the right-hand side that almost got three off the way Lester playing nobody's coming within 10 yards of Mars you've got to get the ball in the right direction Slemani has pushed on players pulled back here for the free kick which a little bit belated the decision on that side you can see the hit assistant there I was thinking about it it was a foul it was a very belated shot wasn't it that's all right he goes to ground it was a foul that's the right decision in the end only a couple of seconds later that's the right decision and Colin the official on that far side need to think about it for a moment put his flag up it's fine though isn't it the main thing is just the right decision City needs something you feel to bite on before half-time here City needs something you feel to bite on before half-time here FANS ROAR Kevin De Bruyne. Nice and then that's well defended, there's a bit of pushing the referee decided as well, and he gets less to the free kick. I think he'd give it to Iheanacho on Wes Morgan, I think. Yeah, six-a-long, really, isn't it? Wes has got his arm round the back of Iheanacho, he's got his arms over Wes Morgan's shoulders. At the very least, by the look of it, yeah. Iheanacho playing his 50th game, by the way, for Manchester City already at the age of 20. They need him to come good in this little spell where he's in the team, because Sergio Aguero can't play again now until New Year's Eve against Liverpool. And that game, you'll see, with that, it's a bit of a struggle. I think he's got a bit of a dust on BT Sport, by the way, over the holiday period. What would you do, Trevor? Would you make changes at half-time if you're Pep? He doesn't have much on the bench, does he? Apart from Sterling, Torre, Nolito. Leroy Sane. It just depends how he sees it. I mean, the problems, as we've spoken throughout this opening 41 minutes, are at the back. Going forward, there aren't too many problems. He's got huge options on the bench. He can do whatever he wants, but it's not going to change what's going to happen at the back, because there's an imbalance in the squad. Plenty of midfielders, plenty of attackers, but not enough defenders. Another attacker arriving in January as well, with Gabriel Jesus, the Brazilian international striker. He's moved into Manchester to have a meal with some of the players. Kolarov lays this to side, De Bruyne. Kolarov again. Fernando, blocked on the way through. Nesta defending well. Yeah, it was nice by Manchester City, working it wide. You need a little bit of patience to get round the sides. And Leicester. There's Navas again, now getting the treatment from the crowd. Simpson, head to the wing, hasn't gone far. De Bruyne, and Huth. Clever head. That's the right way to end it for the corner kick. He used all his experience there, Robert Huth. Nice ball in by De Bruyne. Real good shape on it, wasn't it? Got it out of harm's way. Goes a long way, players on the floor, Michael Oliver's not interested, the referee. De Bruyne to play it in again. See Robert Huth and John Stones then. Talk about referees giving away. He's given 1,000 penalties in certain areas. The man handling there. What's the pain in them? Wow. I think there's only one referee who's given any decision for that kind of... ..contact in the box. It was supposed to be a big clampdown and all that, wasn't it, at the start of the season, and Mike Dean did give a penalty or two along the way. Fair play to him, fair play to Mike Dean. Just think, probably he took the view there, six of one, half a dozen of the other, he couldn't work out which way you'd give it. Yeah, there was two fouls there was. HE LAUGHS Fuchs with the little chip forward aimed at Albrighton. Vardy's run the channel again. How to play this time. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Vardy, by the way, the only English player nominated for the Ballon. APPLAUSE Vardy, by the way, the only English player nominated for the Ballon. Vardy, by the way, the only English player nominated for the Ballon. Fuchs, he's got a long door in quite a long list. Fuchs, he's got a long door in quite a long list. Not sure how that Hollywood movies script's coming along. Very nice. Fuchs to get this one away for Leicester City. A dream first half for them here. I'm sure that Ranieri is tempted, you know, Ian, to get an extra body in the middle of the park, but it's so difficult to do that when you're leading 3-0 at half-time, playing 4-4-2. For us sat up here, yeah, you can talk about those things, but when you're actually sat down there and the heat is on, trying to change it at half-time is terribly difficult. Well, he's always been a 4-4-2 man, isn't he? Of course, last season, most of the while, he had Okazaki working back, one of the two forwards, almost making like a 4-4-1-1. FURTHER FOOTBALL That has been an issue without Conte's energy and work in there, but... FURTHER FOOTBALL ..this season. FURTHER FOOTBALL De Bruyne down the side, Silva... GANTS IT IN. GANTS IT IN. Wes Morgan, Leicester determined to take this three-goal advantage into the break with them.