teams eager to show that their best is yet to come in the second half of this season an extraordinary but Leicester have yet to record a victory away from home David. Yeah they have, it's a strange one I'm just trying to look at the Leicester shape here in regard to team shapes, I think we're all a little bit intrigued very unusual for them to change from their 4-4-2, it looks at the moment as if Mahrez is going to play up front alongside Ushota with Okazaki in the hole and that would take three behind them the recent history of this fixture certainly favors Leicester unbeaten in their last 13 league encounters with Middlesbrough and Claudio Ranieri has only lost once to them in his time with Chelsea and Leicester Fabio restored at left back in place of George Friend Ben Gibson local boy, nephew of the chairman Callum Chambers is back alongside him in the heart of defense, Barrahan here was suspended at Old Trafford Negredo, De Roon looking to latch onto that, tidied up by Mendy That would be the idea you know De Roon is the one who's been given the freedom to get alongside Negredo and beyond him at times and if you think back to the goal he scored that the Etihad had earlier on this season, that's exactly the type of late run you'd be expected to play today Spurs Michael who returned recently from injury and Leicester rather glad to have him back, a safe pair of hands, the Premier League title to his name only four more to catch up with his old man and the new club to be In time there's a rare outing for Brad Guzan first since August, Valdez picked up a knock after that inspirational performance at his former club Manchester United And he came, playing with Negredo, Barrahan And he came, playing with Negredo, Barrahan And he came, playing with Negredo, Barrahan Yeah trying that little spin there, Negredo just trying to drag his studs over the ball doesn't quite get there Such a huge player for Middlesbrough but I do think at times they've got to support them much better Better supply him from the wide areas as well, we know he can finish if he gets the chance We know he can finish if he gets the chance We haven't seen much of Palas Mendy because of injury in his second Premier League outing today The Matic. Huth. Here is Mendy. Middlesbrough have proved they can compete most of their defeats. I think by a single goal margin. They're not far off where they want to be. I think defensively they've been very sound. They've lost just one more goal in Liverpool. So clearly they're doing something right at the back. It's at the other end of the pitch where they're really struggling. Four short. Barahan. Here's Adama Traore who had that big chance at Old Trafford. Certainly an exciting player. Sometimes you wonder about the in-play. It's in the product's mind. Lovely round of Matic. Derone. Barahan. Traore. Ready to have his first run. Taking on Fuchs here. OK. Final touch is just a little bit clumsy. But it's a good example of the acceleration of this boy. You know, if I was Barahan today, I wouldn't be overlapping him too often. I'd try and get him one-on-one with Christian Fuchs. He slips there, but he is so quick. He can get down the outside. Final ball at times, as you said. He lets him down. But he's a real handful. Knocked on by Marti. Away by Chambers. And he's got a great pass. He's got a great pass. He's got a great pass. He's got a great pass. And a lovely pass from Fabio for Gaston Ramirez here. And a lovely pass from Fabio for Gaston Ramirez here. And a lovely pass from Fabio for Gaston Ramirez here. And his touch somewhat made him nap. Not like him. Technically very good Gaston Ramirez. It's a terrific ball. In behind Danny Simpson. Chambers run perfectly. This touch here, just a little bit clumsy. Allows Wes Morgan to get across and shut him out. But a really good shaped ball forward from Fabio. But a really good shaped ball forward from Fabio. But a really good shaped ball forward from Fabio. To get him in. To get him in. Yes, possibly the last man you'd expect to have a touch like that. One that got away for Gaston Ramirez. Such a key influence for Middlesbrough. Mahrez. Yeah, Mahrez off to the African Nets. United v Bayern eCup. And indeed Is Noam Sadam Payet whoever was not involved today Feeling rather feverish apparently. Nadlehi gives a free-kick. He could have given the first one gone Thanks. He could have given the first one to Would Enfringement, I got the offer for Leicester to put up their big targets as they do. I got the offer for Leicester to put up their big targets as they do. No surprise that Huth is there. Morgan joining him, Akwae Zamati and Ojoa. Some cause for concern here for Middlesbrough. Huth facing his former club. It's Riyad Mahrez then to float it. One, two! Okazaki looking to sneak in. It's all about the first ball, who's gonna win the first ball here? Knocked down into a really good area, Okazaki read it really well, it's just a little bit too whitefold. Mario Ranieri ended 2016 fittingly with a victory against West Ham in a thrilling game a couple of days ago. It's surprising given the way they played that day, they had terrific wood, good supply into the box, and yet he comes here today and leaves out his two natural white players in all bright and grey. Baraha, Traore. Ojoa moved in on Clayton and now Okazaki. Mahrez moves ahead of him. Andy King. Ojoa. Ojoa. Ojoa. It slithers wide of his intended target from Fuchs. I think he has to take it on. Ben Gibson, I think, is trying to get out to the ball here to make the block. But even from that angle, it's shorty, he has to take on. Fuchs, who had to sit out the last couple of games when they came on against West Ham with young Ben Chilwell. And he's got a good shot. Starting a couple of matches. And by Ojoa, Okazaki. Chambers away. Traore. Robert Poof, world return man. Poof, who spent three years as a Middlesbrough player and was relegated from the Premier League with them. But he then moved to Stoke. And he then moved to Stoke. It's not difficult, is it? It's not difficult, is it? He's complaining there, Antonio Barajan, but... he can help with a quick point. Mahrez. He has to have to come from behind twice when these two met just five weeks ago at the King Power. A couple of penalties as well from Mahrez and Slimani. Slimani's in the 94th minute. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. Christian Fuchs ready to go along here towards Robert Poof, looking for a flick on, but he's met by Chambers. Mahrez. Lost clips by Ramirez. That took a really nice touch. Adam Clayton trying to apply the pressure here. He's here late. And this is well within range here for Leicester. Dead centre. It's going to be an awkward one for Guzan. Can't really go to either post here. Probably won't see the ball being struck out. Probably won't see the ball being struck out. Probably won't see the ball being struck out. Yes, it's potentially an awkward situation for Brett Guzan. Fuchs is there, but Mahrez... would appear to fancy this. Not a problem with the low sun as well, Brad Guzan, if he takes up a position on the left of his line. If he takes up a position on the left of his line. If he takes up a position on the left of his line. But it's Mahrez. There are fans holding their breath. There are fans holding their breath. It is Mahrez, but it's rather disappointing, straight against that wall. Simpson... and Endy. and Endy. and Endy. Fuchs... and Marti. Fuchs... and Marti. and Marti. Here's Mendy, who played for Claudio Ranieri at Monaco. And Marti... Steered away by Chambers. He might have to do the same again. Graham has brought to the trouble. Breaks a court seal... and Engineeringlot schools... and Engineeringlot schools... with a convergence of Lee, Walter, trauma, manど, and we'll get to We'll get to chip up that next one. It's come through to Christian Fuchs who failed to connect. And Gibson taking no chances with Andy King lurking. I think Christian Fuchs should do better. I think it's your choice to play the ball here, but Fuchs should be ready for this when it comes through to him. And even on the half-volley, he should be doing better than he did. FOOTBALL PLAYS Decent early spell from Leicester, can they make the most of it? I don't know if he wants a word here. De Roon and Amati. WHISTLE BLOWS It's Mahrez then to send this in. Return by Mendy. Morgan's still up there. Doesn't reach Okazaki, though. Ramirez, and he loses out to Amati, but the free kick is good. They get the free kick, but the middlesbrough home support are not happy with the start. They say, THEY CHANT Struggling to build anything so far. THEY CHANT Ramirez gets his body across. Loses his body well there, Amati can't win it cleanly. Middlesbrough seeing their fair share of the ball, but doing very little with it so far. Fabio. Andy King sliding in. he says the enjoyed the premiership but then... lang for the bar. P f su miel C o va Sporting team record choice at its final showdown. H a r vorラ Check out Okazaki. Not below too many more of them, Adam Clayton. Good feet from Okazaki. Seneca one from Clayton. That's all, Karanka, over three years in charge. Eventually got Middlesbrough into the top flight. That's the playoff puts. Then one automatic promotion. Ramirez with a switch here to Traore. That's such a good switch from Ramirez. Usually got his head up, sees any movement ahead of him. Leicester's victory over... West Ham was only their second in ten Premier League outings. Just 19 points worse off than this stage last season. They've certainly enjoyed their Champions League adventure. Schalke still beat upane. They'll still be there for next weeks. It might be thatconstant. But it seems they've got Kasem과gre to each setbacks. что. With 20 cars in an hour, I prefer to imagine he installs himself there too. I think with that you start to think, is this just a walkthrough from returning connect? I think previously, Ferraris came in, MinnelliAAAA! Callaghan forced into a corner. Christian Fuchs appealing for the throw but it is Middlesbrough. For sure. Negredo. Could do with him being in the middle, he'll get there now. Here's Fabio. Giving some space to Roe and to deliver. Fuchs clears. Clayton keeps it alive. Negredo claiming a handball. I don't think he's ever going to get it given the short distance, the ball travel. Middlesbrough trying to work their way into this contest. Chambers for Barrahan. Traore ahead, hugging that touchline. He's on his way. On the Traore. Well picked. That looked a bit theatrical. Terrific acceleration again when he came off the line here though from the wide player. He's got such a good burst from static position here. This coming in. Plays it. I think he's looking for it. He's less theatrical. He might have probably given madly a decision to me. Fuchs. Neither here nor there. At the feet of Ben Gibson and now Fabio. 후 Like it was swirling out. Ramirez decided to have a go. Ramirez 16th at the moment, Leicester 15th. Four points clear of the relegation zone, Leicester six points away. Christian Fuchs looks like he'll go as long as he possibly can with this. Cleeton. That's a throw off Andy King. Fabio, seeing a lot of the ball at the moment. Four short. Ramirez. Traore. A sense of expectation now. You never quite know what is coming next with him though. Traore. Skipped away from King. Derone with a big chance. Really good ball in from Traore. We talked about his final ball letting him down at times. But he does nothing wrong here. Too quick here. For Andy King. Makes a couple of yards for himself and picks a good ball, cutting it back. The run of the central three midfield players is the one expected to go up alongside Negredo. And he makes a good run here to the front post. Slightly behind him. Leicester have only lost once on their last 11 visits to Teesside. So hardly a fixture to fear for. A jump. Ojoa. Amati. Mahrez in some space. Waiting to receive and he has it. He's not hanging around either. But Guzanklet. He's looking for Mahrez but it's the type of position they want to get him into. Chambers. And a hand with Traore. Close. by Chambers. Negredo. Clayton. Good work from Clayton. Now Ramirez. Back by Mendy though. We have Mahrez. Mahrez gets a free kick right on the edge of the area. That's three Adam Clayton's had. I don't know if I saw that one in his pocket, but it wouldn't allow him too many more of this type. Mahrez head up, trying to get himself inside, talking the target up for himself. It's a free kick in a prominent position for Leicester City. It's Andy King who replaced the ball. He clearly fancies it. Whether Mahrez for Rosen or not, we may still be seeing. But Andy King, from this angle, will certainly fancy it. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Andy King. Another set-piece scenario for Leicester here. The last one went against the wall. It is Andy King. But it's straight into the midriff of Guzan. Guzan did well. Very often you see the goalkeeper moving his feet as the ball is being struck. He just holds his position. Pretty easy for him. Clayton. Three years ago yesterday, was in Huddersfield. A team that lost 6-1 to Leicester. Looking for better fortune today. Barrahan. Traore behind him for a change. Clayton. Fabio. Derone. Ramirez. Traore. Barrahan. The Middlesbrough closing in here. Derone. Barrahan. Zaki rushing into his own area. Pinched by Aja. Just out of Mahrez's reach. All fans encouraged. On the center side, Deanや。 fortableAntonio Regeo came back from left back, who's lost a ball. ие just said to him this is a!? Inter impact. You're all men for a reason. Raul is a sad thing, but it's something. Not manyellini. It was a close one unharmed, Well positioned Danny Simpson, in no time did he get himself in the wrong side of the striker. Williamsburg growing in belief in this game. And a wonderful dive from Fabian. Wasn't about to fool the referee. This was good defending from Danny Simpson here, Noguero very strong, takes it in well. Simpson has got his angles spot on, didn't want to commit in case he ended up wrong side. Bobby Matley has shown a heel of card there as Williamsburg protested furiously. Andy King. Gaston Ramirez booked for a show of dissent. He's got to be careful. Already flagged himself up. Doesn't want to end up with a red because of a Poulotin challenge now. By the way, now we've crossed into the new year. If you reach five yellow cards, you do not incur a suspension anymore. You have to get ten for that. Which will be quite an achievement anyway. Fuchs returns it but that will carry to Guzan. Fuchs returns it but that will carry to Guzan. Fuchs returns it but that will carry to Guzan. Fabian. Fabian. Fabian. Agredo able to help it on and pressure from Morgan. Agredo able to help it on and pressure from Morgan. Agredo able to help it on and pressure from Morgan. That was clever, Flick on. Fabian found by King. Can he get there in time? I think Cameron Chambers was on the case anyway. Read the run really quick. A long Premier League week continues. Tomorrow it's Bournemouth against Arsenal from 7.30 on Sky Sports 1. And a classic contest on Wednesday. Spurs against Chelsea, also 7.30, Sky Sports 1. Can Tottenham stop them? Both those games also available in Ultra HD. Simpson. King for Mendy. Simpson up towards Ojoa, it's over his head and Gibson's, but Callum Chambers. On loan from Arsenal, steers that away. Big touch from Ramirez. And he kind of gets it back from Durone. A bit with a hint of fortune. Nothing doing for them. Trying to go for the nutmeg there on Danny Sampson. To get him behind, I think the ball is getting away from him. Mendy leans in. Whether it was enough to put Ramirez down, only he knows. Leicester, which is two points away from home, taken at Spurs and Stoke. At this stage last season, they've racked up 21 points on their trebles. They're on with the balls and the home support. That takes second best here. Adam Clayton has given a few outs so far in this game. Traore. Traore is able to deliver again, but it's met by Robert Huth. And he's got the ball. Pujol. Chambers breathing down the back of his shirt. And... Pumble. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE WHISTLE BLOWS APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE It's given again, Christian Futsu. Pucinic came off his chest. APPLAUSE PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS Upper arm. PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS PUCINIC WHISTLE BLOWS Ramirez set to deliver. PUNCHES PUNCHES PUNCHES PUNCHES PUNCHES Callum Chambers and Ben Gibson have joined Daron and Negredo in the... thick of the action. PUNCHES PUNCHES PUNCHES Ramirez hits Negredo round the back. That's all he can do. PUNCHES I think it's off the training ground this one, it's really deep by Ramirez. Negredo just spins, gets away from Amarte. He's trying to get it back across the face. Asked a little bit too much of him on the stretch, but did well to lose his marker. Fabulous header to set up Grant Ledbetter at Old Trafford. And as you can see, he has history with Leicester. Amarte. Pop back by Morgan, and then by Fabio. Almost toiling a little a moment ago, but whatever it was he seems to have run it off. Negredo. By hand. This is becoming a popular route. His deliveries have been decent so far today. Away by Morgan. And by Ramirez. And Joao. And Fabio. They should have had the free kick middle, but I'm surprised that Bobby Madly didn't give it. It's a hamstring problem here for Barrahan. And if it is, that's the end of his game surely. Yep. Game over. For Antonio Barrahan. Just as he tried to get up to keep it in, something's gone. Yep. There's the signal. No wonder. Frustrating for Aitor Carranca. Fabio could move over there with George Friend on the bench, but there are other options as well. Adam Chambers played it right back at Old Trafford. Just back from a suspension, Barrahan. Last thing he needs, that's no matter of days, that's a few weeks out. So Middlesbrough will be forced into a change. It will be George Friend. Which would mean Fabio crossing sides. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . And he's returned it to Traore. Derone and Ramirez waiting for service here. And this time he's in, Prove it. That is the one thing that lets him do it badly. This isn't difficult, once he's in behind, he's under no pressure. He's got an offer front post and back post, and he can find neither. He's got to do much better. Once he's in behind Christian Fuchs, it's time to get his head up. Got to do better than that. Seven attempts in total. I do get the impression this game is really to start properly. Amati. Friend. Back by Simpson for Ojoa. We're filling in for travellers who have come out for two losses today. T verde, first off. Working Recently he has been picking up a few awards, but he says he'd rather pick up a few more points. As to be known as the Kristian MourA, which he has announced today. Mindy. Okazaki Amati suddenly had foreshore on his case saw him rather congested has to have lost nine times already in the Premier League this season only lost three in the whole of last season Mahrez up against Chambers Mahrez but not for long Fuchs a great out Ramirez it's going to disappear away from Jules Friend it's not like Gaston Ramirez Deron have made a really good run inside right channel Ramirez uncharacteristically didn't spot him here another miss tack tone into the net with the வ F Hare bats P Can now and far away many old offers game of FRIEND FLAGS Traore. Horseshaw has Friend available to his left. George Friend. Bit of butter for... where's Morgan? Horseshaw. And again. Maybe an opening here. Derone! Deflected. Who did it come off? It's a tough call for Bobby Magler. Really good strike this on the edge of the box. Just wonder, had it not been deflected, how much of a problem it would have been for Kasper Schmeichel. Where's Morgan, I think, it comes off. The officials are no doubt consulting each other and looking at each other, but nobody was quite sure. But... Leicester getting away with that. Okazaki now. It's Mahrez! And it's a very tidy challenge, and it needed to be. First time of a real chance in the match here, Okazaki takes a really good first touch here to get away from Clayton. Slip ball to the left. And it's a good one for Mahrez. And Fabio does really well to get as narrow as he does there and make the challenge. That's one that you simply have to get right, and Fabio did. Not much room to breathe in the middle of the field. Here's Derone. What a chance for Ferrer to get going. Gaston Ramirez. Making really good progress here, but he can't pick out Negredo, and it's comfortable for Fuchs. That's Middlesbrough's problem this season, you know. When Ramirez knocks the ball in, Negredo is the only red shirt in a dangerous position. He's heavily outnumbered. And he is good in the air, but he's not the biggest. It's got to be a really good ball in for him. It's got to be a really good ball in for him. It's got to be a really good ball in for him. It's got to be a really good ball in for him. It's got to be a really good ball in for him. Tumbers away. Tumbers away. Negredo. Danny Simpson saw that coming. Morgan. Hing. Mahrez, Okazaki... Lepnitz... Lovely little shimmy there from Mahrez, but nothing comes of it, and that's been a familiar theme in this first half. Mahrez... Mouriz is down, Mahrez shoots, and Guzman clicks. Doesn't really get hold of it. We had Mahrez here, not the contact he's looking for. And others got support, screaming for a free kick at Ramirez. Ramirez hurt whilst all that was going on. Well, it was Mendy who came through, took plenty of the ball here, Mendy. Gets it cleanly. GERRARD GARCIA, FANS ROAR Ramirez not requiring... attention. The last Premier League meeting between these teams here was way back in 2004, and it finished 3-3. We might be a bit hopeful of reaching such heights today. But I don't think it's seasonaks that are or吗? But I think in the next two months, ¿Haz que alcanzas a que deja que tenemos más que eso? what does that�o? It's waiting for a break. F peur. Fabian... I can understand that, it all came from Traore, when Fabio goes by him on that side, he can't afford to lose the ball, and by doing so he's taken both of them out of the game, and you can understand why Ben Gibson has made that challenge. Gibson joins Ramirez in the book. Fuchs to Walter Joa, away by Chambers, Mahrez can't connect. Bobby Huntley is going to bring that back, he's not ready, he's not ready, it can't happen. Ramirez, shadowed by Huth, and that's always an issue. Dubron. It's over the head of Traore. Final minutes of the first half. What many glimpses of goal? No, I don't think we've had a clean chance yet. Simpson, Simpson, here's Mendy, Thank you.