This is the toughest ever battle to make the Champions League. Four tickets on offer to rub shoulders with European football's elite. Six, seven maybe teams going for it. Have Arsenal left it too late? Plenty of work to do, they have games in hand, and Tony they need to take advantage of those games in hand. Yeah, I think they've just got to start winning and winning quickly Gary, and really, well I think they've got to win all their last remaining games. Because the other teams are not going to slip up that much, so they've really got to kick on. And I've always said it's vital that Arsenal start these home games, move the ball quickly, they're fine, move it ponderously, they give the opposition a chance and a little bit of a foothold. There's Nacho Monreal who is one of the three centre backs here tonight. No stranger to playing that position. There's Gabriel who was impressive at West Ham. He's taken a bit of stick, Gabriel. He showed us what he could do in that FA Cup semi-final win against Manchester City. Well there's that longer ball you can see, and Vardy may occupy that back three. And Jou will probably just drop off him slightly, just to thicken up that midfield, but always ensures that defenders just drop off that three or four yards in trying to mark that pace, that dangerous pace. And that one ball in behind that can hurt. Arsenal with Sanchez down the middle, Walcott right, Ozil left. It's a formidable front three, if they're all at it. There's Koscielny at the heart of the back three. Gabriel, Theo Walcott coming deep for the ball. There's Bellerin, get the feeling this wing-back role will suit Hector Bellerin. Well, the switch to the back three, I think the players probably welcome this. First time Wenger's done it in his reign, I think. So, 20 years maybe for the penny to drop. But if it's not you that's forcing yourself on the opposition, then you've got to stop the opposition from playing. There goes Jamie Vardy motoring forward. Albrighton waiting in the middle. Monreal was around on the cover. Well, Monreal starting left side of the free tonight. Obviously a full-back or wing-back as he has been playing as well. But should suit him in that, should we say, left side of the free role. Always thought that Stuart Pearce, when he played for England in a back three, European Championships, and Gary Neville Wright, two full-backs in a back three, that was always a good role to play. As long as you've got two decent players who are not averse to going wider, then you're kind of fine. So, Gabriel, he's played all day. He's got Wright back on a couple of occasions. Monreal left. And you've got Koscielny in the middle with a little bit of pace. Yeah, Gabriel and Monreal won't be afraid of being dragged out wide, which is normally where centre-backs don't want to be. There's Benalouane with his first foul. Sanchez got clipped on the heel. Maybe should have gone in behind here. They made some good inroads down the outside. And Gibbs has had to come inside. Because there was no target in front. But it's the first defence for Benalouane. Yeah, he's an aggressive defender, Johan Benalouane. They actually had to tell him to calm down when he first arrived. He was smashing players in training and leaving them battered and bruised. Arsenal on the front foot here. De Gea was lurking in the middle. Huth took charge. But he won't mind that. The ball's coming in from wider positions. And really no-one in that Arsenal side committing themselves to the penalty area. Mesut Ozil. Ozil again. This now is Kieran Gibbs, who's operating in the left wing-back position tonight. They have the Maori speaker behind them... Canmanankuak Ocel! And you can see. Look at that. That's a perfect view of how Leicester are setting up. Nice and deep. They're afraid of that pace of Sanchez. And Walcott in particular, who was getting behind. And of course, if you can spring out on the attack, you've got the pace of Vardy. Well, that was their game plan last season. They took them to the title. Interestingly, this man on the ball here now, Christian Fuchs, say that in the first half of the season, maybe they were guilty of showboating, trying to prove just why they were champions. And that affected them. And this is somewhere where they can make a set piece. Quick one taken. Oh, rather wasted. Oh, he's got away with it. Fuchs. Just about getting the better of Beyrin. And now this is Mark Albrighton. Sanchez making life awkward for Danny Drinkwater. That's Benny Luan. Mike Jones, though, has pulled it back. Leicester City are taking to the stage again for the final. First time since they gave Atletico Madrid an uncomfortable night last Tuesday in the Champions League, albeit it ended in failure. But Diego Simeone and co. will not forget their night at the King Power Stadium. Albrighton with a poor delivery. Messed up there by Sanchez. There's Mark Albrighton again. And Leicester moved it sharply. And Jamie Vardy almost came up with a finish. Well, this is poor play from Sanchez. Look, ball breaks out and he thinks he's going to try and get on the breakaway. That's a poor backheel. Sets up Leicester. Quick transfer and a pass. He's Albrighton into Vardy and he's into the side netting. Not really the best attempt. Shouldn't really be playing about in those positions. Shot comes in. Doesn't reverse it enough, Vardy. First chance of the night has come the way of Leicester City, but they couldn't take it. And it's a good one. This is Kieran Gaves. Walcott lurking in the middle. It's gone beyond him and Fuchs met it. Dead ball line again, Gary, but no one in there. Great position to get into. Someone like Giroud was playing. He'd have been thriving on something like that. Well, that's what he gives you, isn't it, when he's leading the line. But it's Theo Walcott who is spearheading the Arsenal attack tonight. He was the target there, but Huth was in charge. And he's got the ball. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. Hyr Barbara B password out. Elijah acontecendo? Hyr Barbara B password out. Elijahありがとうございました? S고요? Yeah. He did it. Look at that tackle. That's what I expected, as it is. tyre,lichkeit. Hyr Barbara B password out in pasteury from Von Willemke. Hyr Barbara B password out in pasteurty from Von Willemke. Hyr. Hyr Barbara B password out in a puedes Das. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. there's Kieran Gibbs Kischelny the glue that holds that Arsenal back line together there's Hector Bellerin Sanchez all cuts offside well again Sanchez dropping deep not really giving anyone a target to hit if you're playing to feet look you can see he's no intention of getting in the area dropping off deep all cuts straight just offside but it'll be very difficult to find a chance when you've not really got a target to play off of will the FA Cup be that man's saving grace again here it's been his trophy they do want more than that around here an easy piece may have broken out of the club which has been at war with itself two year contract is on the table Tony do you think he'll be signing it yeah I think he will otherwise if he wasn't I think he would have said something by now but I think he will sign I think the contract is there for him to sign it's all up to him to turn it down but I really do think he'll sign the contract and be here for another couple more seasons at least I knew you'd know finger on the pulse I don't know I'm guessing okay we wait and see there's Mahrez Mahrez again this now is Fuchs Leicester City six points above the drop coming into this tonight with a few games in hand 37 points on the table at the moment which you'd imagine would be enough and Craig Shakespeare has been at a pains to point out to these players but they can't rest until they are mathematically safe drink water always that nagging doubt in your mind Garrah isn't it is it enough is it or not everybody talks about the magical faulty but it's always been below that lately but maybe we were downstairs talking about a while back and everybody was Chatfield again it's been below that lately but we were downstairs talking about a Each team has problems talking in the media centre with some ex-players and someone said we went down with 39, we went down with 37 and West Ham are going to beat that, we went down with 40 so it was a raise and raise again but it's always a tricky one, mustn't take anything for granted because there's so much at stake and even the placings it's so close above Leicester 37 points as you said but to get near West Bromwich Albion the placings could mean well as much as £12 million in prize money Forward by Gabriel looking for Hector Beyerin he's got the better of Fuchs and Fuchs wins round two Beyerin a player that Manchester City were in hot pursuit of last summer there's Monreal once the fans are in their best to get behind their team here is Beyerin looks to link up with Alexis Sanchez or Brighton O is back doing his defensive duties there's Ozil Gibbs Granit Xhaka well they're lacking a target to go in off passing it around nicely but I think Sanchez or Walcott's just got to pin themselves up against central defenders at times and they try and get a little given going in and around the area but at the moment they're faffing around the technical turn Ozil Brighton it's difficult Gary when he's got a lot of time left in the game he's got to get a lot of time left in the game he's got to get a lot of time left in the game you know you're passing the ball but you've got to get it into someone's feet in and around the penalty area if defenders are defending so deep the way Leicester are but at the moment you can just see that everybody wants to come deep it's kind of lack of confidence really when they do that there's Monreal it's going to go really well at Wembley at the weekend Gabriel space to turn here for Walcott Sanchez let it go no one was on the same wavelength as the Chilean international Monreal in command above Vardy that's Ndidi Ojoa Drinkwater in a scrap with Coquelin far too strong Drinkwater that's where I think Arsenal got to be stronger in the middle of the park you see Drinkwater just ragdolled him out of that one just far too strong for Coquelin and this boy is really underrated for me okay he's got a Premier League winner's medal in the bag and England international but still I think he could go to a higher place team than this one and he wouldn't be out of place and he took the big decision to leave Manchester United because there are so many top quality midfielders in the queue ahead of him at Old Trafford the decision paid off offside here against Mesut Ozil far too early from Ozil and he's he's signalling that the ball should have been played earlier you can see there he's gone oh he's right across that line with Robert Hoof but he's gone a fraction early but the ball should have been played earlier anyway and it seems that his future is tied in with Arsene Wenger's future as well Mesut Ozil he does want to continue playing under the current Arsenal boss race on here between Sanchez and Robert Hoof who just swats Sanchez away it was a thought that maybe Leicester City would start with three at the back here tonight to match up with Arsenal because they did switch to that system and it went really well for them in the second half against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last week but it's the tried and trusted 4-4-2 which has served them so well Antonio the simple reason Arsenal are playing three at the back is that they were conceding too many and Arsene Wenger wanted some more security for Petr Cech exactly and the reason is that no two together were good enough for Arsenal he was just going to score a lot of goals for them in the next half because when the full-backs place are high, as Arsenal do in a back four, then you've got no protection whatsoever. And the midfield players, the screening players, are not particularly good at that as well. So by having three back there, it gives you that little bit of an insurance. Xhaka slipping up all through nicely to Kieran Gibbs. Huflis guarding that six-yard area. Oh, great ball from Xhaka, but Gibbs' dead ball line again. There's simply not enough bodies committing themselves to the penalty area. Arsenal beginning to find a bit of rhythm here as Coquelin takes aim, and it was an awkward one for Schmeichel to deal with. Well, that must have moved in the air because Schmeichel seemed to get down a little bit too early at that one, and it came back on him slightly. This is a good little build-up from the Arsenal. Xhaka just inside, and you can see Gibbs, gets that dead ball line. Still more players should be committing themselves there, trying to pick out Sanchez. Steele walk-up with that corner. Monreal trying to clever flick, and it was dealt with by Danny Simpson. There's Riyad Mahrez. He may find himself surrounded, but he's managed to win the throw-in in front of those Leicester City fans. Good little touch from Monreal, just flicking it between his legs, and nearly got in on the second ball there. We know Jamie Vardy's quick. No chance of catching up with that, but we have seen Leicester City revert to their old selves of last season, in recent times. The old rob-and-run tactic. Arsenal, we know, all vulnerable to a counter-attack. But at the moment, Arsenal in charge here. Alexis Sanchez. Didi dealing with it. Well, they're getting the dead ball line continuously down that left-hand side. They've just got to commit people to the penalty area. It's no good getting out their ball line and no one's in there. So, you see Sanchez, Ozil, hanging about on the edge of the area. No one's going to get a tap-in. Sanchez in the box at the moment. Bellerin also, and he was the target. Fuchs rose with him. Granit Xhaka. I know he's more than capable from that kind of distance. He's a good striker of a ball, Xhaka, but he doesn't quite get it. He doesn't quite get this one right. It's a decent first touch because it comes out the air. You can see he clears his feet quickly. Yep, good touch. Trying to cut across it, but leans back. Off the head of Gabriel. Didi holding off Coquelin. That's all Bryson. The ball over the top for Jamie Vardy. Thumbs up from Vardy. It was a good idea, but Koscielny saw it. I don't think twice today the likes of Albright and Drinkwater just trying to spin it high behind that back three. Koscielny read that one. As I mentioned before, he's such an important member of this Arsenal defence, Lauren Koscielny. He's not there. They seem to fall apart. Alexis Sanchez was surrounded. There's Jamie Vardy again in combat once more with Koscielny. That's Monreal. Arsenal have seen plenty of the ball and that's something you'd expect here tonight. That's Kieran Gibbs. Beneluan makes the challenge. Doesn't hold back, does he? Coquelin Sanchez made the offer ahead of him. There's Albrighton. And Didi. Well, 20 minutes in, Gary. They haven't really had an attempt at goal, Arsenal, so Leicester think that the shape that they're playing is holding it well. Obviously, they're not going to be able to do that. Obviously, they're not going to be able to do that. Leicester are relying on the odd break from Vardy, but when you're limiting Arsenal to no shots, although they got to the dead ball line on two or three occasions, then you've had a successful start. Nacho Monreal. Nacho Monreal. Leicester City again, happy to... drop into their 4-4-2 shape. There's Beyer in. Alexis Sanchez. Again, he was surrounded. Well, again, he's given the ball away. He's guilty of being overindulgent at the moment. Leicester have worked this nicely. Stanley Drinkwater. He's not quite got his sharpness, Sanchez. You can see his mind's wandering a little bit. He's coming in into deeper positions, and he's not playing with that same zest. Normally, his mind thinks as quickly as his feet move, but tonight he's stumbling about. He's a wide striker again tonight. Arsene Wenger has tried him through the middle, and he's been contemplating that move for him for the last couple of years. Fuchs with that long throw. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Abbatuth, the man who profited that particular afternoon, speared in again by Fuchs, sogenan, follows again, that's a terrific stop from Paderecek to keep out Rや Morris. That's a good volley and a good stock. All that arsenal possession. Best chance of the game falls to Leicester, Just direct, can't quit clear the lines, comes off an Arsenal head and there's a good volley, keeps it down maybe a foot either side and it's in the back of the net but straight a check and he palms it over. It's all that Arsenal possession Gary, nothing like a shot or goal, one chance less to get, bang they're shooting a goal. Check reacting well, maybe busy again here. With by Monreal, Coquelin just got there ahead of Jamie Vardy. Mahrez, just carried the ball out of play. Arsenal fans though sticking with their team here, every Arsenal game is tense right now, everything that happens around here right now is a drama. But there is a bit more positivity about the place tonight however, Cech has played that straight to Mark Albrighton. No one there in a blue shirt. Very nervy when defending Arsenal and more nervous when defending the game. He's got a bit of a nervous and that clearance from Predecek there, not quite sure he was trying to play that to but sweeping it away to his right hand side. He's nowhere near any of his teammates. That will only encourage these Leicester City players. They've had the best chance of the game so far. Arsenal though rolling forward, Bellerin. Strong run from Hector Bellerin. That's now is Coquelin. Gering Gibbs to pick up here for Arsenal, trying to weave his way through. Leicester have the answer. Coquelin. Well that's needling the haystack stuff, really going back into the bodies and Leicester crowding out Gibbs again. Still no shot at goal. What you're saying Tony, are you surprised Giroud's not starting here tonight? Oh just stand him up there, he could play as a statue and he could do better than any of the strikers at the moment Gary. Because you can play into him. There's a wild challenge in the middle of the park. Even if he just stood still, he's got to be better than Theo Walcott who's really kind of doing nothing at the moment. And they're lunging into the challenge there, Drinkwater. But at least Giroud will pin back the centre backs and you can back in and play a couple of balls off him and should you get to the dead ball line he may get in on the cross but can't really see how long he's going to play. He's got to get off the other guys. Look Sanchez again deep, running himself back into the bodies, he's getting frustrated already. You can see the body language. He's starting down the middle tonight and it's not really working, he's coming far too deep. Just get Giroud in there and all the smaller boys have got someone to play off. The free kick has gone Arsenal's way here as Gabriel and Ulloa came together. Well he hopelessly mistimes this, Gabriel look he's far too early he's there. Ulloa's got every right just to stand his ground. I think down below is Craig Shakespeare making that point away, he's just gestured in the direction of Mike Jones. Why the free kick has gone against Leo Ulloa. Well if he just stands his ground Gary, he's got every right except for Gabriel to come over the top or round the side but can't really see that one. Didn't back into it. And Olivier Giroud has been sent to warm up and of course you look at the front three, the likes of Theo Walcott starting for Arsenal tonight. Leicester City are a defence that don't tend to leave much space in behind them, they like to drop deep. Well Giroud or Welbeck would seem a better proposition for me. Get Sanchez a little bit wider but starting down the middle of tonight he's not really looking like he's wanting the ball. I'm watching him whilst Arsenal are building up and there's no movement off his feet. If you can just see him in camera shot there, look he's just strolling about, doesn't really want to know. Not coming short into the pockets, not spinning in behind. They're playing with one man light tonight, look again coming deep. Got to pin them up against those centre backs. Got to engage them, they'll just sit there all night and wait to be broken down. Beyer in. Cranachaka trying to hold off Huth. Fizz to Hector, Beyer in. There may be better options there but Theo Walcott's trying to trick his way through and Schmeichel responds. Well that's a shot of goal from Arsenal. That's good little play from Theo Walcott, little dink over the defender's foot here you can see. As they dive in it was a little dink. There, gets his second touch, clears his feet but he's always going to save it on that near post from where he's going. Schmeichel just gets under Theo Walcott's feet. Comfortably away by Christian Fuchs. That's Ozil. Come off there for Alexis Sanchez, this is Coquelin as Arsenal look to try and keep Leicester City pinned in here. Plenty of space for Mesut Ozil. Beyer in. Good block again from Danny Drinkwater, good start though there for Arsenal. Well even if he didn't get that ball in Beyer in there was a line of Leicester City defenders in front of him and no-one had committed to that penalty area. Another good ball from Xhaka, he started well. He's driven a couple of balls out wide, really does strike the ball cleanly. Flicked Golds and hooked away Christian Fuchs. Again the man to deal with that for Leicester City. Well flick on the near post and I think this is going to be a tap-in for Monreal. Flick comes in, Monreal's going to have a tap-in. Fuchs gets a foot there. Arsenal enjoying a good spell here. Can they make it count? Mesut Ozil. That ball through beautifully to Kieran Gibbs. This time it's dealt with by Huth. Gabriel looking for a little bit of movement. Ozil. Walcox. Again no Arsenal player really ready to engage the Leicester back line on the edge of the Leicester penalty area. Driving run from Coquelin. Can he deliver the cross? There's the answer. Overhead of Alexis Sanchez. Now Ojoa putting the squeeze on Monreal. Then the ball to Sanchez. Ojoa putting the squeeze on Monreal. Sanchez. Sanchez. Now Chaka. Now Chaka. On it Chaka. The deep-lying playmaker. The man who can spray the ball around the pitch as we're seeing. It's a great effect tonight. Chaka. Sanchez again Gary. Look. Really deep. giving away six or seven balls tonight. All the simple things he's not doing. We have the presence of mind to win that one back. Beyer in on the charge here. Schmeichel clutches the ball. It has gone behind. It will be a corner. A good little run in advance from Bellerin. Bellerin's the one who's got the most incisive passes at the moment. Kim thinks it in behind. Bellerin's a willing runner all day long, isn't he? But very difficult to pick someone out again. Kasper Schmeichel was advising the assistant referee that he was in the wrong position to give up. In goes the cross. It was dangerous again. Danny Simpson gets a touch on it. There's Beyer in. There's Hill. Beyer. Beyer in. He's seen plenty of the ball so far. Flanks gone up. Offside against Arsenal. They say they will announce his future. It's a good time to announce it, apparently. Arsenal. Arsenal. And Arsene Wenger. You've heard Tony Gale. He believes that he will sign this new contract. A two-year deal that's on the table. Breaking news, ain't it, Gary? It is from you. Well, I believe it's just his not to sign. Because he really is the boss of the football club. He'd have to sack himself, I think. Or walk out himself, of course. I think he still sees it, although a lot of people don't, that it's unfinished. It's not his business. But you're right, Tony. He does oversee absolutely everything here. There's been talk of maybe installing a sporting director going forward. That's not as frowned upon anymore as it used to be in English football. All will become clear in the coming weeks. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. There's Fuchs. Albrighton. Looking up with Fuchs. Gabriel dealing with it. There's Fuchs. There's Fuchs. There's Fuchs. Walcott everything that is good from Arsenal is going through Granit Xhaka right now there's Coquelin Bellerin and Sanchez Xhaka Mesut Ozil still try to score a trademark Arsenal goal here to Alexis Sanchez Theo Walcott Coquelin Ozil trying to keep their focus and concentration here and make sure that no gaps appear and Huth has gone out to greet Sanchez Ozil shrugged off the ball by Danny Drinkwater and it's an Arsenal free kick well again frustrating for Arsenal because they're not going anywhere there's still no target Sanchez coming deeper that they can go into into the edge of the area and then join it's all about five ten yards outside Ozil's delivery curls straight into the grateful arms of Kasper Schmeichel Ozil's delivery curls straight into the grateful arms of Kasper Schmeichel Leicester City have won five of their last seven games in the Premier League spoken about Arsene Wenger's future of course a decision has to be made on Craig Shakveiers a deal to be the head coach until the end of the season but couple years left on his assistant job shellar fresco genoisia manager's deal he's a player manager that the players know really well he's been at the club a long long time he's the one that the players turn to when they have a problem or two mike jones is looking at that it's a long look the flag is up for offside though well sanchez is maybe saying was it a foul before he was ruled offside he's started an offside position there ball comes in yes he's offside good decision from the assistant foul or no foul he's in an offside position and he's on the wanted list of a few clubs is alexis sanchez but arsene wenger adamant that he won't be sold this summer particularly not to a premier league rival arsene will take the gamble tony of losing him for free at the end of next season yeah there you go look everybody looking up in the air that's coquelin who's gone astray there with a pass and mentioned about the pace of arsene's play that's so important gary it's too slow again tonight it's too slow the pitch is perfect you can't blame the pitch it's just perfect to zip the ball about them but although they had that great victory in the semi-final it's still a team lacking a bit of confidence all right in to link up with a shower and the ball back and now he's laid it into the path of bearing who was taken out hard on the way for danny simpson who was sent off here last season probably a good one to take from danny simpson there because bella in's away you'll give and go in the middle of the park well played out of a tight position looking like at last they may have maybe had less numbers in front of them and simpson takes one for the team to increase the board about ten per cent he does and then he's out gary can stay up with them you can see the acceleration just great thing he can still spare me one more time to leave f Ivy High school thank you he says goodbye we'll show the video in about 10 minutes because today's game is a go off onalaska forward linecabal tried and time to put in a Tra replacement as he's left is an warning to what first-round так go to amb скорее personally i suppose so that's a good place to stay to get the other ones from their side wish it will get some time to complete the game can we at least get thelower НеogOkay they're going to take a few more fourths now we're getting a seance it's a yes or seven players the Kar nécessモ Sanchez is running along the line and he's pinning the defenders. It's a great ball in and it's a target to hit, but he's been coming far too deep for the rest of the half. That's what Arsene Wenger has spoken about when he's played Alexis Sanchez as a central striker, is that he wants to come to the ball too often as opposed to make runs away from the ball, if you like. Yeah, or just stand your ground and let the balls come into you. And that's just pinning defenders. He's wanting to come back and play the perfect game. Maybe he can do that off a wider side like he normally does. Here's Riyad Mahrez. He's away from Gabriel. Mahrez! Trying to catch out, check at his near post. He's probably come the closest in the game, hasn't he, Mahrez? From a throw-in, he nearly scored on the volley and he does so here. Look, this is too easy. A little over. There we go. Diving in and into that near post. Not really going to beat Cech on that near post, but that's too easy on Gabriel. Good bit of skill, though. Premier League star man last season. Just started to find his scoring boots again. A couple of goals in his last six games in the Premier League. And he's played those games again. Joao putting himself around, catching Gabriel. a move when the transfer window to England into Sunderland ellen was blocked. won't be the first player to change his mind and won't be the last but always a silly thing to say isn't it things change so quickly in football yeah the way it's going for Sunderland he may be thankful it was blocked there's Coquelin Koscielny the final five minutes of the first half the closest Arsenal have been Theo Walcott's effort which was saved by Schmeichel, Leicester City have drawn a decent save from Petr Schmeichel from Petr Schmeichel, from Petr Cech hello been a long season been a long night sat next to you there's Monreal this is Kieran Gibbs moving forward with purpose Coquelin Beneluan was right on his toes it took far too long he was kind of winding up for that one wasn't he Coquelin and give Beneluan a chance to come out and get the block in oh nearly nicked it there though Beneluan just about got away with that Sanchez not having the best of games Gary and Ozil he's playing well but I can't think of Theo Walcott touching the ball really has got to get into it shame for the Green replaced by like a changed in wil Perry by we might have seen it Captain Manuel maybe not in front in well back Andrew would move forward again this is care and Gibbs vertically worth loss Shaka registration can Gilmore yeah why does fiat warcraft not shoot your Speaker you maybe playing on the side you're an inside forward but take a touch and shoot get it out your body but again look going backwards it's a lack of confidence maybe a little bit of negativity just offside little bit unlucky on that one but someone's got to shoot Arsene Wenger has the options there in Danny Welbeck and Olivier Giroud just wonder what the reaction will be from the Arsenal fans at the break if it remains this way as I mentioned every game is a drama right now and that's Gibbs and Didi nicely done by Granit Xhaka Sanchez again hasn't made a right decision tonight maybe here this could be his moment now he's got Bellerin tearing forward back to Alexis Sanchez Leicester have regrouped here I dare he's having one of those night's Gary one of the top players around and he's still working out to get it back he's not going to give up the fight Alexis Sanchez Ozil there's Xhaka for me who's been Arsenal's star man in the first half Coquelin dear oh dear sometimes you wonder if it's like 30 passes a goal other than you know having a shot a goal putting it in the back of that net you can't really say anything about it you're not really taking the initiative it's a reluctance either have a shot there's a lot of good strikers edible in this Arsenal team but really taking the initiative like Vardy had just about stayed on side there just run out of pitch though but every groan around this place will be music to the ears of these Leicester City players the wait to be lifted aren't they waiting for someone to make a pretty strong tackle war someone to make a driving run have a shot a goal and take a risk but every one of them are playing safe at the moment Kieran Gibbs Sanchez and usually when we've seen Sanchez frustrated it's