pleased with the work they've done here so far at times they have frustrated Arsenal also had an opportunity of their own well Riyad Mahrez produced a terrific stop from Petr Cech in the Arsenal goal, Arsenal almost striking though just before the break when Alexis Sanchez took his frustration out on the ball and it was ultimately stopped by the crossbar no changes by either team at the break as Beyrin bursting forward and Arsenal will have an early corner in the second half again a really good break that gets to the dead ball line but simply no one to pick out in that penalty area sorry the first half really sure Arsenal have had a team talk that should make them pass a little bit quicker this half it's comfortable for Kasper Schmeichel and as ever with him a quick release his distribution normally is spot on but unable that time to pick out Riyad Mahrez shoving the back there from Fuchs on Mesut Ozil but referee happy with it he's given his instructions it's happening now that they pay off Arsenal can't really afford to slip up here and they're not going to be able to slip up anymore in pursuit of a top four place do you have those games in hand on Liverpool most notably nine points behind Liverpool with three games in hand and of course points will be dropped one way or another in Manchester on Thursday night Gabriel got lucky there didn't really seem to be in control of his actions but that's a good ball Coquelin looking to pick out Sanchez Simpson in away there's Mahrez Ojoa getting a start here tonight alongside this man Jamie Vardy unable to link up with Ojoa Ojoa getting a start here tonight alongside this man Jamie Vardy unable to link up with Ojoa Shakka Beniluan on the cover Shakka Beniluan on the cover there's Monreal now Kieran Gibbs Coquelin Beyer in Fuchs in the way time in for Danny drink water to control the ball and link up with Ojoa Beyer in Fuchs in the way time in for Danny drink water to control the ball and link up with Ojoa He has played it straight to Gibbs that could be trouble for Leicester but Danny Drinkwater bailed his I can이고 drink water bailed his central midfield partner out Boomer flip Kieran Gibbs unm spelled quite instructed well he's kind of blaming Kieran Gibbs but it's his fault he didn't come to the ball quick enough he's kind of blaming Kieran Gibbs but it's his fault he didn't come to the ball quick enough Benalouane got the interception in Sanchez getting extremely frustrated Vidi winning that battle with Theo Walcott and winning the free kick he just bounced out of it wasn't he Theo Walcott, I wouldn't be surprised if the first change would be Theo Walcott because he hasn't really got into this game well there's plenty of options on the Arsenal bench, we mentioned him in the first half Giroud and Welbeck of course they have Alex Awobi as well, as well as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain who did leave Wembley with an injury at the weekend there's Robert Huth Walcott looking to protect the ball that's where he's got to be stronger balls come into the feet, if you're a wide side player tucking in you've really got to defend that ball Albrighton trying to take the fight to Arsenal Shaka there's Beyrin he's in the end of plenty of criticism when Arsenal were beating the Crystal Palace a couple of weeks ago there's that Leicester City shape again 4-4-2 Arsenal struggling to try and find a way through it, over it or around it ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Monreal there's Gabriel Beyrin Ozil also looking to quicken the pace of the game Kocka-Lan Kocka-Lan bullied out of it by Ben-Helouan who showed lovely feet it's a move away from the incoming Sanchez A good interception Ben-Helouan there Kocka-Lan probably not the person that he won on the edge of the area with his ball to feet one of them quicker strikers that you need Fuchs making his move and clattering into the back of Theo Walcott ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Theo Walcott the next time if you can see he's kind of waiting for that challenge there and it comes, it gets clattered although it's a yellow card it'll have Walcott thinking about the next challenge There speaks a former defender by the way Well when the ball's passed up to feet sometimes I think Theo's not brave enough in defending it, it's ok when the ball's in front of him but teams always come defend deep at Arsenal then you've got to be good at defending that ball you've got to be brave, you really can't get kicked really in the current day rules so no excuse for not being brave and holding that ball in there Mahrez giving the ball away Mesut Ozil Xhaka there is Theo Walcott, Beyer in on the outside Beyer in's cross, comfortable for Huth to deal with, that's Ndidi There's a good balance about this Leicester City midfield with Danny Drinkwater and Wilfred Ndidi at the heart of it Well he must be a dream to play with there, Drinkwater there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there Just this man at the forefront of your picture there, he's really so unselfish if you find yourself out of position as a fellow central midfield player, he's quick to hustle over and so does his fair share of collar and shuffling over to help the fullbacks really is an unselfish player Yeah and when he's got the ball his first thought is to move it forward, play it in a positive way Well this is one of the best chances that they had in the first half, Fuchs a long throw in who's flicked on inadvertently by an Arsenal player in the first half and they got the shot in taking his applause already before the throw it's a real crowd favourite of the King Power and Robert Tooth has just shoved Monreal out of the way, now he's getting to know Xhaka I don't know why Xhaka's marking him like that it's so silly and it goes towards an area and Didi was the man who rose how are you going to get a jump if you're just trying to stand still or mark someone like that that's saying to the player that you're trying to mark that you're better in the air than me and I'm not really going for this ball we heard the word time shouted there towards Leo Oshawa took it ever so well Gary as well and Didi and Didi again cost Leicester £15 million from Genk in January Genk paid just £78,000 for him, was given his first contract there by Alex McLeish applause Ozil ... Xhaka Bellerin again an option on the far side shown the inside route, headed Bellerin Alexis Sanchez and taken away from him right at the last a crucial challenge for Robert Tooth great run from Bellerin came inside found Sanchez and again Sanchez touched just got away from him had the best of games tonight with his touch which is normally brilliant there you can see just gets away from him and that's a good touch from hoof arsenal scored plenty of header goals this season referee bringing a stop to that set piece a great challenge from robert hoof because uh this could have been easily a penalty if he doesn't get it right he's at full speed sanchez and that's a great touch maybe just needed to let it roll across in there sanchez but took it back into robert hoof phil walcott changing his boots hoping for a little bit more success lico close in the first half bringing a save from casper schmeichel but he's got a good shot walcott back on the pitch is leicester city prepared to take this throw in and didi there's messi d'urse hill now cockerland he was seen as arsenal's midfield savior wasn't he a couple of seasons ago walkoffs with his new boots might want to change them again i think he's put them on the wrong feet sanchez alexis sanchez again for this face here the granite checker un depuis les principales orbe all stone what's the quarterkeeper drinking this whole series isn't that's where he Eğer chloro kita Beverly LetYU runs the juga Better position though for Arsenal. Nacho Monreal. This is Gibbs. Ozil. Arsenal dominating possession again. Beyerin. Granit Xhaka took a deflection. And Schmuckler was alive to it. That could have been problematic. Well just took a deflection. Took a little bit of pace off it. As it skidded up off the surface. Ended up at a comfortable height there for Schmuckler. It was diving early. So he saved it with his wrong hand. Ojoa. Managing to get to that. And was commanding at the back for Leicester. Mahrez unable to lead the break out. Mestia walk on. Out. Ozil. Xhaka again. This is Gibbs. Sanchez. Monreal. Arsenal looking for a bit of penetration. Trying to move Leicester around again. It's Xhaka. Sanchez has made the offer here. And it went behind him. And Kieran Gibbs. There was a foul in there. In any case. Just a slight nudge in the back there from Sanchez on Danny Simpson. Good ball in though. There's a nice little dink over the top. He loves these little chips over a square back four. He's got a fraction early. He's offside. As well as the little nudge there. I think Shakespeare in conversation there with Mike Stowell. But they'll be pretty pleased with what's going on so far. 0-0 here. In the main, a frustrating Arsenal. The word from the Leicester City players is that Craig Shakespeare has kept his instructions nice and simple. There were of course rumours that maybe Claudio Ranieri, maybe Claudio Ranieri was trying to complicate things a little bit as he looked to evolve this Leicester City team. . . . . . . That certainly wasn't simple for Beniluane. . . . Obviously, it was the manager who has to take the flak and get the sack in the end, but I could only blame the players, Gary. There was a clear change in determination and desire when Shakespeare took over from Ranieri. . . . Thank you, Mark. . . . . Mesut Ozil Bellerin's delivery again Leicester City have the answer Crocker Lamb Bellerin's final ball has been really poor out on that right hand side he's had more of the ball than Walcott there's a chance for Walcott well deflected and there's a moment of concern there for Kasper Schmeichel but the ball's coming in from that right hand side off of both players have not been of very good quality getting to the dead ball line you've got to be picking players out although Arsenal are not committing that many bodies in the box nowhere near finding their mark Arsenal scored 14 headed goals in the top division this season the joint most of West Bromwich Albion looking for a head there comes off the head of Fuchs there's Albrighton they're still looking for something on the counter attack but Arsenal had enough back minding the shot Monreal out jumps some Didi here's Theo Walcott Theo Walcott's gone backwards again Gary he's facing up Fuchs in a one-on-one situation and he's played the ball backwards that's the position that every player wants to get into a striking player worth his salt and he's just gone backwards again he's facing up Fuchs can go right or left of him and he plays the ball backwards the howls of frustration are getting louder Ben Aliwan isn't even in Leicester City's Premier League squad at the start of the season he's way down the tacking order Lee Childs три on the field Ryan Steirer Anthony Grant done Bolt Ward and Khalil عة Nvidia Monaco Simpson looking for Riyad Mahrez who was shut down there by Coquelin Alexis Sanchez lovely touch first measure to Ozil everything to his right also to his right was Danny Drinkwater great tracking back from Danny Drinkwater but Ozil just waiting for support that hadn't arrived oh good interception Monreal I think he's played well Monreal left side centre back for Arsenal he's a good footballer good in possession of the ball and he's one who tends to look forward rather than sideways and backwards from them defending situations this is Mesut Ozil opened up nicely for him Benelouane dealing with it and then it ricochets behind of Christian Fuchs for another Arsenal corner good play from Ozil just stumbled at the end of this round but good feet really squares hoof up here and he goes it back on himself but just stumbles over there still manages to get across in lifted in by Beyerin and the header from Kischelny no trouble at all for Schmeichel where's that quick release from Kasper Schmeichel Gaino just too much on it this time for Riyad Mahrez well good ball in this time from Bellerin but Kischelny couldn't get it a yard either side of Schmeichel otherwise that was the opening goal had to go for that one that far corner the frustration grows but he will back his team to find a way through this solid well drilled Leicester City side likewise Leicester will fancy pouncing on the counter-attack but there's Beyerin another good challenge this time by Fuchs yeah good challenge had to get it right Fuchs as well because if Bellerin just gets a touch there he goes down for a penalty so that's a good tackle I think there's a round of applause downstairs I think it may be well getting changed at last there's a change drop there to Kischelny and wasn't too sure where it was that's that's to be to just is quietly a this would be a little demonstration of the speed at volunteer and thank God now I just had a crazy day off preventive Danny Welbeck is preparing to come on here will it be in his preferred position as Sanchez has caught offside his preferred position of central striker well he's certainly got that pace to get him behind Gary isn't he and I'm sure he'll play further up if he does start up front that is up against those defenders and then it will give Sanchez a chance to release and play just behind him and Didi and Didi Leicester are about to bring on Shinji Okazaki so they will be making a change shortly as well Beneluan in strongly the play went through the back there of Alexis Sanchez but the referee was happy with it so where's the Arsenal change and it's the end of the night for Kieran Gibbs and on comes Danny Welbeck Arsenal need a goal can Danny Welbeck provide it Kieran Gibbs by 23 Danny Welbeck well I've never seen Danny Welbeck play in a left wing back position so we'll wait to see what this means for Arsenal surely he won't change the formation again that'll be twice in 20 years oh well done and again back to a four there we go Beneluan and Fuchs unable to deal with that although I suppose it did stop it initially reaching Theo Walcott who would have been through the Arsenal have gone back to a back four Monreal back to his favoured left back spot Bellerin back to right back but I'm sure they'll play very high up the pitch again that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing straight swat here from Leicester City Shinji Okazaki coming on to replace Leo Ojoa Okazaki's not scored in his last 20 games his longest drought as a Leicester City player provides so much energy to that Leicester front line does Okazaki and off goes Ojoa no difficult task for Ojoa tonight bit isolated Ojoa and Valdez but it's going to be a good game for him going to be a good game for him and of course a finishing start in the NDES and it felt like he's belongs to most know this emerging match and the World Cup It doesn't feel that right to him volatility including his total the the but to win Danny Welbeck was in the midst of all that there goes Jamie Vardy Mahrez on this near side Vardy driving at the heart of Arsenal Jamie Vardy and the ricochet back off the lesser striker in the end it was match striker stride by Hector Bellerin yeah good defending from Bellerin that's one on one and that's a good competition good race he puts Vardy where he wants to put him down that wide side and the rebound comes back onto Vardy and goes for a goal kick that's good defending that is what Leicester City are looking for that Robin Ronan's Claudio Ranieri used to call it waiting to pounce on any mistake and try and score on the counter attack there's Albrighton Welbeck's coming out to this left hand side I'd still like to have seen him go down the middle or brought Giroud on down the middle Sanchez maybe out a bit wider or maybe even change the formation again and go 4-4-2 if you like with two strikers same as Leicester you match up Leicester and you've got the better players would have made sense Sanchez has found Danny Welbeck Welbeck in low and Fuchs made sure that Walcott didn't have a free run at that well he didn't get in there at all for you Walcott there's only one place this ball can come Walcott sorry Welbeck's got down on this left hand side Sanchez puts him in well well you're going to drive it across the area you're not going to score a goal on the far post back there with a towering header you've got to commit yourself to the area over the head of Danny Welbeck and it was swept away by Jamie Vardy approaching the final 15 minutes goal was at the Emirates Stadium Xhaka well he was urged to shoot and it was a tad ambitious just when you needed a bit of patience just get it wide and get down the side Xhaka elects the shoot and he's gone high and wide well even a top four place may not be enough for some of these Arsenal fans anymore especially when they feel they can't really win the Champions League not really contenders to win the Champions League of course when they moved here they were a bit of a problem but they're not going to lose that's the reason they're taking on a lot of pressure from their highbury base over a decade ago the reason for doing so and leaving their history behind them was to embrace the future and become a European superpower it's not happened for them as of yet Olivier Giroud and Aaron Ramsey are both preparing to come into the game to come into the game to come on for Arsenal. So Arsene Wenger about to shuffle his pack again as he looks to find a solution here. I used to watch Arsenal in the old days when Wenger first started his reign and very often when he wanted a goal he'd sling on five forwards. You see Henry, Bergkamp, Wiltord, Perez all on at the same time. He's just slinging them all on together and he'd go for broke. Again it's a little bit cautious. They need the win tonight. Stick two up front. Need this win desperately. If they don't win tonight Tony would you categorically then rule them out of a top four place? Yeah. I thought it was a little bit maybe beyond them before the game but they have to win tonight. Give themselves a chance. Put a bit of pressure on the other teams. There's Jamie Vardy. Mahrez. And Didi. We're hearing it will be Theo Walcott and Francis Coquelin who will be making way for Arsenal very shortly. So here are the confirmation of those changes. Francis Coquelin leaves the pitch. On comes Aaron Ramsey. And Olivier Giroud who will give the Leicester City back line a little bit something different to think about now. He comes on to replace Theo Walcott. Theo Walcott. Looks like Wilbeck's going right. Sanchez left. I really think maybe you can go Giroud, Wilbeck up front. Play the same way as Leicester in their kind of 4-4-2 situation or 4-4-1-1 and just go come on let's have a go. Well Sabanga has made his changes. There's Danny Simpson. Jamie Vardy making life awkward for Koscielny. And there's Shinji Okazaki. Jamie Vardy. Couldn't really generate the power to trouble Petr Cech. He's falling backwards on himself. That's why he couldn't get the power in it Gary but he's better from Leicester. Okazaki little bit of a run there just flicked up for Vardy but never got any power in it. Shaka. There's Aaron Ramsey. Gabriel. Shaka. Now it's Monreal. There's Alexis Sanchez. Ramsey. Trying to give Ndidi to slip. And Sampson. That's a good one. This is Danny Welbeck. Ramsey. Able to link up with Danny Welbeck. Oh the groans go around again. It's over elaborate from Ramsey because he's in space. He's not really got the awareness that he can maybe turn and get a shot in. Just flicks it back in the direction of Welbeck and the groans ring around the stadium. I don't think my Jones was too happy with the reaction there. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. ksom players get a little bit of combination play get Sanchez tucked in a little bit more getting closer to your Giroud well back as well standing out wide Giroud no support years and years we watched Omri and Bergkamp Omri up front Bergkamp behind Soorl it could be Giroud up front Sanchez behind even if it's for the last 13 minutes or so this game Gary just just change something up there's Okazaki Okazaki terrific block there and it had to be as Gabriel put the challenge in because Chalni stayed down a big big moment there for Leicester City that's a great block from Gabriel I think Okazaki took a fraction too long to get his shot away here gave him time to get the block in so Koscielny look falling in the middle of nowhere there that's his twisted his knee I think but great block from Gabriel there you can see just twisted he just slipped backwards there Koscielny that's not an impact injury that would be a painful one but there's a good block there from Gabriel coming over on the cover and Arsenal having made their subs yeah there'll be a couple of concerns here one like you say Tony they've made their substitutions also if this could be any more serious for Lauren Koscielny because as I mentioned earlier on he is the glue that holds this Arsenal defense together and he's not there they seem to fall apart what is this quite an innocuous injury for Koscielny because there's no one near him so these are the worst kind of injuries just seem to slip on the surface and his knee buckled from him they can see him there and look watch oh just as he went by this. just as he went by this so this is a very powerful impact. backwards. See the knee buckle underneath him. So there's the header. It was an awkward landing there. And then, there you go. Oh, look at that. Straightens up the knee. They call that a hyper extension. Did you know that, Gary? I do now. Dr. Gow, yeah? Yeah. I won't be calling you. Well, the only time Leicester City have avoided defeat at Arsenal in the Premier League was 22 years ago across the road at Highbury. 1-1 draw back in 1995 when Mark McGee was the manager. Ben-Helouan has just introduced himself to Olivier Giroud. He's got a yellow card for his troubles. Well, that's what Giroud will do. He'll give you a different problem. Why he should be on from the start of the game. Look at this. Oh, dear. That could have been a red card. That was studs down the back stuff. This wasn't just a knee. Watch it. That's totally deliberate. Totally deliberate from Ben-Helouan. A rush of blood. And he could have gone off. He's got away with one there. There's Johan Ben-Helouan. Mentioned earlier on, when he first signed for Leicester City, they had to tell him to calm down in training because he was too aggressive. Giroud still clutching the small of his back. Hoping to make Leicester City pay here. Giroud in the midst of all that. Leicester have dealt with it. Hooked away by Okazaki. And this is Vardy. And now Riyad Mahrez. This is where Leicester City can catch teams. Mahrez held off in the end. He's got the throw in. Mahrez again. There's Ramsey. Koscielny. Riyad Mahrez. Can go either way. Riyad Mahrez. And he's bought the free kick. And that's Xhaka again. Two fouls in quick succession. Maybe lucky not to get the yellow card. Yes, he does get it. Kind of asked for it at times, doesn't he? Just needs to watch his reaction here. Granit Xhaka. My records in the last three years. Which is why Arsene Wenger advises him to avoid tackling if he can. Although in his area of the pitch, it's very difficult to try and do that. Mahrez and Danny Drinkwater are both standing over this. Huth is forward from the back for Leicester. And by Riyad Mahrez. Yes. Far too close to Petr Cech. He's urged to release the ball quickly. Granit Xhaka. Alexis Sanchez. Trying to pick out Giroud. That's comfortable for Beneluan. Poor ball from Sanchez. Giroud's on now. Center forward. You've got to give him something to attack. Got to miss that front man. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Johan Beneluan. Vardy couldn't move forward. He was offside. And just having a word from distance with the Leicester City centre-back. But stays this way. Leicester will move on to 38 points. Yes. The reigning champions of England will be... packing up the trophy in the next few weeks. And it will be heading to London. Whether it's West London or North London is yet to be determined. This now is Mesut Ozil. The challenge was clean and well-timed by Ndidi. Yes, Ndidi. A great challenge. Can you get that in? Ha, ha, ha. Ozil just has a little bit of a split-second delay in getting this cross in. And that gives Ndidi a chance. He needs to get a toe in there. That's fine. Then goes that corner. Referee has seen an infringement. Olivier Giroud not too impressed again. A bit of sixer one-half. A dozen of the other there. But still over the top from Giroud. A North London derby to come at the weekend for Arsene Wenger and Arsenal. As it stands, there will be dropping points again here tonight. It will be three wins from their last ten games in the Premier League. Arsenal, Champions League regulars. Top four regulars. Is this the season they miss out? They need to do something about it now. Axel K publicly starved for goal to come back from Bayern see an exception for calls at Real Madrid and deciding to vote on Matchday Fat Gun with Marcelo Bui. Schalke. In the final threat to Aubameyang, the Bayern star signed for the South Indian club, Last goal of Ray Allen in 2011. But it neverenger out. This was a very line-up. If you took on Wyeth lá , there's obviously been a huge witnesses in furlough laps and look at the key. Fuchs has defended well Leicester City have defended well a lot of work has gone into this a lot of focus and concentration Leicester City will not want to let this slip now Alexis Sanchez takes a deflection indeed he's there that's Monreal deflected that may just be the goal for Arsenal that wins this game and changes the mood around this place well LeGon completely out of nothing I'm sure this one's going well wide from Monreal but it takes a wicked deflection the catch for Schmeichel's beaten we're not sure who it's come off of at the moment maybe Robert Hoof maybe an Arsenal player but it doesn't get cleared there's the presence of Giroud that keeps the ball alive they can't quite clear it half volley from Monreal yes looks like it's off Robert Hoof's chest and into the back of the net really unlucky couldn't really get out of the way and it ricochets past Schmeichel this would be a better angle to see it good half-volley it was but it's going wide and it comes off his chest and into the back of the net cruel luck well belated celebration there from Arsene Wenger look at Coquelin absolutely delighted that Arsenal have found the answer here in the end a scrappy goal but a thing of beauty for Arsenal hard on Leicester who defended well here tonight but have been hit late on can they show their powers of recovery here Mahrez with the cross Cech was grasping a thin air and this is Mark Albrighton isn't it amazing Gary a goal goes in Leicester have one of their attacks a rear attack but a couple of attacks on the spin chance for Arsenal on the break Urs Fuchs can Leicester City rescue this Albrighton's cross Cech just about deals with it now despite the presence of his own defender Koscielny backing into him there Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this No dinosaurs I'm sure this temperatures but in fact had a tough time to round up at all I mean if it's wrong it's all wrong so it's changes a lot through the gaps of Mesut Ozil who's offside good link up play between Ozil and Sanchez I think Sanchez better off out here better out on this left hand side you've got the presence of Giroud, he's pinning defenders back, look, immediately you can see those defenders are pinned back it gives more room to Ozil and Sanchez everyone was coming deep first half no one looking to pin or get behind defenders Damare Gray will be on shortly for Leicester they'll have to hurry up with this substitution we've got about 45 seconds to go whoever's coming off is going to have to come off rapid Johan Benelouane who is coming off the centre back who could easily have been sent off a few moments ago for his challenge on Olivier Giroud and on comes Damare Gray, really positive change this from Craig Shakespeare Damare Gray, real crowd favourite of the King Power but having to buy this time in terms of starting regularly but he does have magic in those boots we are heading towards four additional minutes Danny Welbeck stopped in his tracks Welbeck gets it back there's Aaron Ramsey Wow their third and final-time home-clipping Christmas forgive hear by nobody that's exactly what he did they had before tape the allegation for the teams looks fantastic to me little bit more of an incentive to to get around the main striker if you can roll balls into him arsenal fans doing a little bit of time wasting keeping the ball in the crowd but i'm sure it's something that the referee will add on well the arsenal players are great at keeping the ball so too are the fans this will put arsenal on 60 points four points behind fourth place manchester city it's city against united in manchester tomorrow night points will be dropped one way or another it just keeps the door open for arsenal good game on real tonight whether he's been at left side centre back or gone into his normal left back position now but i think he's had a good solid game and i have to defend maybe this final throw in from fuchs fuchs across on this side of the pitch now to take a long throw okazaki standing on the toes more or less a better check and sanchez trying to uh block fuchs one way path and he's throwing the ball straight at alexis sanchez who goes down after a little bit of a delay not sure it even hits him in the face and suddenly it's trotting up here and mike jones has a few issues to sort out oh sanchez is just trying to run and intimidate fuchs as he was taking the long throw maybe try and put him off but all folks needed to do was stop a yard short from the line but if he's wanting to run at him like that yeah i think i'd have thrown it at him i've got to be honest but referee and linesman or assistant there just having a little conflab about it i'm not sure it hit him in the face anyway gary well he went down belatedly shall we say yeah here we go correct decision correct decision yellow card for alexis sanchez who stirs at christian fuchs did it hit him in the face no it's it hit him on the shoulder oh dear oh dear you won't want to watch that again tonight on the shoulder away it goes oh dear well that's embarrassing for alexis sanchez he went down so late there he's almost in the north london derby this weekend and it's given leicester city this free kick and casper schmeichel's forward morris with that free kick schmeichel was trying to make an impact just gets away from christian fuchs there's riyad mares mares and lost a try to squeeze at home okazaki was there at the near post foraging arsenal looks to have done enough has been shown to robert hooth oh arsenal arsenal all over the place when i have to defend lister will be asking him so much about the game and he's going to be a little bit more aggressive than he was going to be but he's going to be a little bit more aggressive than he was going to be action wise wasn't it against the front面 Gesch petals gele never had it ever in the in analyst two three scores I'm sure what happened a few moments ago with Alexis Sanchez all stolen away from Danny Welbeck Alexis Sanchez hits the deck there after the challenge from Robert Huth who has just been yellow carded Sanchez is holding his face again I'm not so sure if he caught one in the face this time after seeing the last one I don't think we can trust him Huth's just getting a little bit annoyed he's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of quite honestly is he yeah rather you than me well his touch got away from him here Robert Huth and he's just getting after the ball Sanchez comes, yeah that's a foul that's a foul from Sanchez I don't know why he's holding his faces