pleased with the work they've done here so far at times they have frustrated Arsenal also had an opportunity of their own well Riyad Mahrez produced a terrific stop from Petr Cech in the Arsenal goal, Arsenal almost striking though just before the break when Alexis Sanchez took his frustration out on the ball and it was ultimately stopped by the crossbar no changes by either team at the break as Beyrin bursting forward and Arsenal will have an early corner in the second half again a really good break that gets to the dead ball line but simply no one to pick out in that penalty area sorry the first half really sure Arsenal have had a team talk that should make them pass a little bit quicker this half it's comfortable for Kasper Schmeichel and as ever with him a quick release his distribution normally is spot on but unable that time to pick out Riyad Mahrez shoving the back there from Fuchs on Mesut Ozil but referee happy with it he's given his instructions it's happening now that they pay off Arsenal can't really afford to slip up here and they're not going to be able to slip up anymore in pursuit of a top four place do you have those games in hand on Liverpool most notably nine points behind Liverpool with three games in hand and of course points will be dropped one way or another in Manchester on Thursday night Gabriel got lucky there didn't really seem to be in control of his actions but that's a good ball Coquelin looking to pick out Sanchez Simpson in away there's Mahrez Ojoa getting a start here tonight alongside this man Jamie Vardy unable to link up with Ojoa Ojoa getting a start here tonight alongside this man Jamie Vardy unable to link up with Ojoa Shakka Beniluan on the cover Shakka Beniluan on the cover there's Monreal now Kieran Gibbs Coquelin Beyer in Fuchs in the way time in for Danny drink water to control the ball and link up with Ojoa Beyer in Fuchs in the way time in for Danny drink water to control the ball and link up with Ojoa He has played it straight to Gibbs that could be trouble for Leicester but Danny Drinkwater bailed his I can이고 drink water bailed his central midfield partner out Boomer flip Kieran Gibbs unm spelled quite instructed well he's kind of blaming Kieran Gibbs but it's his fault he didn't come to the ball quick enough he's kind of blaming Kieran Gibbs but it's his fault he didn't come to the ball quick enough Benalouane got the interception in Sanchez getting extremely frustrated Vidi winning that battle with Theo Walcott and winning the free kick he just bounced out of it wasn't he Theo Walcott, I wouldn't be surprised if the first change would be Theo Walcott because he hasn't really got into this game well there's plenty of options on the Arsenal bench, we mentioned him in the first half Giroud and Welbeck of course they have Alex Awobi as well, as well as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain who did leave Wembley with an injury at the weekend there's Robert Huth Walcott looking to protect the ball that's where he's got to be stronger balls come into the feet, if you're a wide side player tucking in you've really got to defend that ball Albrighton trying to take the fight to Arsenal Shaka there's Beyrin he's in the end of plenty of criticism when Arsenal were beating the Crystal Palace a couple of weeks ago there's that Leicester City shape again 4-4-2 Arsenal struggling to try and find a way through it, over it or around it ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Monreal there's Gabriel Beyrin Ozil also looking to quicken the pace of the game Kocka-Lan Kocka-Lan bullied out of it by Ben-Helouan who showed lovely feet it's a move away from the incoming Sanchez A good interception Ben-Helouan there Kocka-Lan probably not the person that he won on the edge of the area with his ball to feet one of them quicker strikers that you need Fuchs making his move and clattering into the back of Theo Walcott ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Theo Walcott the next time if you can see he's kind of waiting for that challenge there and it comes, it gets clattered although it's a yellow card it'll have Walcott thinking about the next challenge There speaks a former defender by the way Well when the ball's passed up to feet sometimes I think Theo's not brave enough in defending it, it's ok when the ball's in front of him but teams always come defend deep at Arsenal then you've got to be good at defending that ball you've got to be brave, you really can't get kicked really in the current day rules so no excuse for not being brave and holding that ball in there Mahrez giving the ball away Mesut Ozil Xhaka there is Theo Walcott, Beyer in on the outside Beyer in's cross, comfortable for Huth to deal with, that's Ndidi There's a good balance about this Leicester City midfield with Danny Drinkwater and Wilfred Ndidi at the heart of it Well he must be a dream to play with there, Drinkwater there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there Just this man at the forefront of your picture there, he's really so unselfish if you find yourself out of position as a fellow central midfield player, he's quick to hustle over and so does his fair share of collar and shuffling over to help the fullbacks really is an unselfish player Yeah and when he's got the ball his first thought is to move it forward, play it in a positive way Well this is one of the best chances that they had in the first half, Fuchs a long throw in who's flicked on inadvertently by an Arsenal player in the first half and they got the shot in taking his applause already before the throw it's a real crowd favourite of the King Power and Robert Tooth has just shoved Monreal out of the way, now he's getting to know Xhaka I don't know why Xhaka's marking him like that it's so silly and it goes towards an area and Didi was the man who rose how are you going to get a jump if you're just trying to stand still or mark someone like that that's saying to the player that you're trying to mark that you're better in the air than me and I'm not really going for this ball we heard the word time shouted there towards Leo Oshawa took it ever so well Gary as well and Didi and Didi again cost Leicester £15 million from Genk in January Genk paid just £78,000 for him, was given his first contract there by Alex McLeish applause Ozil ... Xhaka Bellerin again an option on the far side shown the inside route, headed Bellerin Alexis Sanchez and taken away from him right at the last a crucial challenge for Robert Tooth great run from Bellerin came inside found Sanchez and again Sanchez touched just got away from him had the best of games tonight with his touch which is normally brilliant there you can see just gets away from him and that's a good touch from hoof arsenal scored plenty of header goals this season referee bringing a stop to that set piece a great challenge from robert hoof because uh this could have been easily a penalty if he doesn't get it right he's at full speed sanchez and that's a great touch maybe just needed to let it roll across in there sanchez but took it back into robert hoof phil walcott changing his boots hoping for a little bit more success lico close in the first half bringing a save from casper schmeichel but he's got a good shot walcott back on the pitch is leicester city prepared to take this throw in and didi there's messi d'urse hill now cockerland he was seen as arsenal's midfield savior wasn't he a couple of seasons ago walkoffs with his new boots might want to change them again i think he's put them on the wrong feet sanchez alexis sanchez again for this face here the granite checker un depuis les principales orbe all stone what's the quarterkeeper drinking this whole series isn't that's where he Eğer chloro kita Beverly LetYU runs the juga Better position though for Arsenal. Nacho Monreal. This is Gibbs. Ozil. Arsenal dominating possession again. Beyerin. Granit Xhaka took a deflection. And Schmuckler was alive to it. That could have been problematic. Well just took a deflection. Took a little bit of pace off it. As it skidded up off the surface. Ended up at a comfortable height there for Schmuckler. It was diving early. So he saved it with his wrong hand. Ojoa. Managing to get to that. And was commanding at the back for Leicester. Mahrez unable to lead the break out. Mestia walk on. Out. Ozil. Xhaka again. This is Gibbs. Sanchez. Monreal. Arsenal looking for a bit of penetration. Trying to move Leicester around again. It's Xhaka. Sanchez has made the offer here. And it went behind him. And Kieran Gibbs. There was a foul in there. In any case. Just a slight nudge in the back there from Sanchez on Danny Simpson. Good ball in though. There's a nice little dink over the top. He loves these little chips over a square back four. He's got a fraction early. He's offside. As well as the little nudge there. I think Shakespeare in conversation there with Mike Stowell. But they'll be pretty pleased with what's going on so far. 0-0 here. In the main, a frustrating Arsenal. The word from the Leicester City players is that Craig Shakespeare has kept his instructions nice and simple. There were of course rumours that maybe Claudio Ranieri, maybe Claudio Ranieri was trying to complicate things a little bit as he looked to evolve this Leicester City team. . . . . . . That certainly wasn't simple for Beniluane. . . . Obviously, it was the manager who has to take the flak and get the sack in the end, but I could only blame the players, Gary. There was a clear change in determination and desire when Shakespeare took over from Ranieri. . . . Thank you, Mark. . . . . Mesut Ozil Bellerin's delivery again Leicester City have the answer Crocker Lamb Bellerin's final ball has been really poor out on that right hand side he's had more of the ball than Walcott there's a chance for Walcott well deflected and there's a moment of concern there for Kasper Schmeichel but the ball's coming in from that right hand side off of both players have not been of very good quality getting to the dead ball line you've got to be picking players out although Arsenal are not committing that many bodies in the box nowhere near finding their mark Arsenal scored 14 headed goals in the top division this season the joint most of West Bromwich Albion looking for a head there comes off the head of Fuchs there's Albrighton they're still looking for something on the counter attack but Arsenal had enough back minding the shot Monreal out jumps some Didi here's Theo Walcott Theo Walcott's gone backwards again Gary he's facing up Fuchs in a one-on-one situation and he's played the ball backwards that's the position that every player wants to get into a striking player worth his salt and he's just gone backwards again he's facing up Fuchs can go right or left of him and he plays the ball backwards the howls of frustration are getting louder Ben Aliwan isn't even in Leicester City's Premier League squad at the start of the season he's way down the tacking order Lee Childs три on the field Ryan Steirer Anthony Grant done Bolt Ward and Khalil عة Nvidia Monaco Simpson looking for Riyad Mahrez who was shut down there by Coquelin Alexis Sanchez lovely touch first measure to Ozil everything to his right also to his right was Danny Drinkwater great tracking back from Danny Drinkwater but Ozil just waiting for support that hadn't arrived oh good interception Monreal I think he's played well Monreal left side centre back for Arsenal he's a good footballer good in possession of the ball and he's one who tends to look forward rather than sideways and backwards from them defending situations this is Mesut Ozil opened up nicely for him Benelouane dealing with it and then it ricochets behind of Christian Fuchs for another Arsenal corner good play from Ozil just stumbled at the end of this round but good feet really squares hoof up here and he goes it back on himself but just stumbles over there still manages to get across in lifted in by Beyerin and the header from Kischelny no trouble at all for Schmeichel where's that quick release from Kasper Schmeichel Gaino just too much on it this time for Riyad Mahrez well good ball in this time from Bellerin but Kischelny couldn't get it a yard either side of Schmeichel otherwise that was the opening goal had to go for that one that far corner the frustration grows but he will back his team to find a way through this solid well drilled Leicester City side likewise Leicester will fancy pouncing on the counter-attack but there's Beyerin another good challenge this time by Fuchs yeah good challenge had to get it right Fuchs as well because if Bellerin just gets a touch there he goes down for a penalty so that's a good tackle I think there's a round of applause downstairs I think it may be well getting changed at last there's a change drop there to Kischelny and wasn't too sure where it was that's that's to be to just is quietly a this would be a little demonstration of the speed at volunteer and thank God now I just had a crazy day off preventive Danny Welbeck is preparing to come on here will it be in his preferred position as Sanchez has caught offside his preferred position of central striker well he's certainly got that pace to get him behind Gary isn't he and I'm sure he'll play further up if he does start up front that is up against those defenders and then it will give Sanchez a chance to release and play just behind him and Didi and Didi Leicester are about to bring on Shinji Okazaki so they will be making a change shortly as well Beneluan in strongly the play went through the back there of Alexis Sanchez but the referee was happy with it so where's the Arsenal change and it's the end of the night for Kieran Gibbs and on comes Danny Welbeck Arsenal need a goal can Danny Welbeck provide it Kieran Gibbs by 23 Danny Welbeck well I've never seen Danny Welbeck play in a left wing back position so we'll wait to see what this means for Arsenal surely he won't change the formation again that'll be twice in 20 years oh well done and again back to a four there we go Beneluan and Fuchs unable to deal with that although I suppose it did stop it initially reaching Theo Walcott who would have been through the Arsenal have gone back to a back four Monreal back to his favoured left back spot Bellerin back to right back but I'm sure they'll play very high up the pitch again that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing that's the same thing straight swat here from Leicester City Shinji Okazaki coming on to replace Leo Ojoa Okazaki's not scored in his last 20 games his longest drought as a Leicester City player provides so much energy to that Leicester front line does Okazaki and off goes Ojoa no difficult task for Ojoa tonight bit isolated Ojoa and Valdez but it's going to be a good game for him going to be a good game for him and of course a finishing start in the NDES and it felt like he's belongs to most know this emerging match and the World Cup It doesn't feel that right to him volatility including his total the the but to win Danny Welbeck was in the midst of all that there goes Jamie Vardy Mahrez on this near side Vardy driving at the heart of Arsenal Jamie Vardy and the ricochet back off the lesser striker in the end it was match striker stride by Hector Bellerin yeah good defending from Bellerin that's one on one and that's a good competition good race he puts Vardy where he wants to put him down that wide side and the rebound comes back onto Vardy and goes for a goal kick that's good defending that is what Leicester City are looking for that Robin Ronan's Claudio Ranieri used to call it waiting to pounce on any mistake and try and score on the counter attack there's Albrighton Welbeck's coming out to this left hand side I'd still like to have seen him go down the middle or brought Giroud on down the middle Sanchez maybe out a bit wider or maybe even change the formation again and go 4-4-2 if you like with two strikers same as Leicester you match up Leicester and you've got the better players would have made sense Sanchez has found Danny Welbeck Welbeck in low and Fuchs made sure that Walcott didn't have a free run at that well he didn't get in there at all for you Walcott there's only one place this ball can come Walcott sorry Welbeck's got down on this left hand side Sanchez puts him in well well you're going to drive it across the area you're not going to score a goal on the far post back there with a towering header you've got to commit yourself to the area over the head of Danny Welbeck and it was swept away by Jamie Vardy approaching the final 15 minutes goal was at the Emirates Stadium Xhaka well he was urged to shoot and it was a tad ambitious just when you needed a bit of patience just get it wide and get down the side Xhaka elects the shoot and he's gone high and wide well even a top four place may not be enough for some of these Arsenal fans anymore especially when they feel they can't really win the Champions League not really contenders to win the Champions League of course when they moved here they were a bit of a problem but they're not going to lose that's the reason they're taking on a lot of pressure from their highbury base over a decade ago the reason for doing so and leaving their history behind them was to embrace the future and become a European superpower it's not happened for them as of yet Olivier Giroud and Aaron Ramsey are both preparing to come into the game to come into the game to come on for Arsenal. So Arsene Wenger about to shuffle his pack again as he looks to find a solution here. I used to watch Arsenal in the old days when Wenger first started his reign and very often when he wanted a goal he'd sling on five forwards. You see Henry, Bergkamp, Wiltord, Perez all on at the same time. He's just slinging them all on together and he'd go for broke. Again it's a little bit cautious. They need the win tonight. Stick two up front. Need this win desperately. If they don't win tonight Tony would you categorically then rule them out of a top four place? Yeah. I thought it was a little bit maybe beyond them before the game but they have to win tonight. Give themselves a chance. Put a bit of pressure on the other teams. There's Jamie Vardy. Mahrez. And Didi. We're hearing it will be Theo Walcott and Francis Coquelin who will be making way for Arsenal very shortly. So here are the confirmation of those changes. Francis Coquelin leaves the pitch. On comes Aaron Ramsey. And Olivier Giroud who will give the Leicester City back line a little bit something different to think about now. He comes on to replace Theo Walcott. Theo Walcott. Looks like Wilbeck's going right. Sanchez left. I really think maybe you can go Giroud, Wilbeck up front. Play the same way as Leicester in their kind of 4-4-2 situation or 4-4-1-1 and just go come on let's have a go. Well Sabanga has made his changes. There's Danny Simpson. Jamie Vardy making life awkward for Koscielny. And there's Shinji Okazaki. Jamie Vardy. Couldn't really generate the power to trouble Petr Cech. He's falling backwards on himself. That's why he couldn't get the power in it Gary but he's better from Leicester. Okazaki little bit of a run there just flicked up for Vardy but never got any power in it. Shaka. There's Aaron Ramsey. Gabriel. Shaka. Now it's Monreal. There's Alexis Sanchez. Ramsey. Trying to give Ndidi to slip. And Sampson. That's a good one. This is Danny Welbeck. Ramsey. Able to link up with Danny Welbeck. Oh the groans go around again. It's over elaborate from Ramsey because he's in space. He's not really got the awareness that he can maybe turn and get a shot in. Just flicks it back in the direction of Welbeck and the groans ring around the stadium. I don't think my Jones was too happy with the reaction there. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. ksom players get a little bit of combination play get Sanchez tucked in a little bit more getting closer to your Giroud well back as well standing out wide Giroud no support years and years we watched Omri and Bergkamp Omri up front Bergkamp behind Soorl it could be Giroud up front Sanchez behind even if it's for the last 13 minutes or so this game Gary just just change something up there's Okazaki Okazaki terrific block there and it had to be as Gabriel put the challenge in because Chalni stayed down a big big moment there for Leicester City that's a great block from Gabriel I think Okazaki took a fraction too long to get his shot away here gave him time to get the block in so Koscielny look falling in the middle of nowhere there that's his twisted his knee I think but great block from Gabriel there you can see just twisted he just slipped backwards there Koscielny that's not an impact injury that would be a painful one but there's a good block there from Gabriel coming over on the cover and Arsenal having made their subs yeah there'll be a couple of concerns here one like you say Tony they've made their substitutions also if this could be any more serious for Lauren Koscielny because as I mentioned earlier on he is the glue that holds this Arsenal defense together and he's not there they seem to fall apart what is this quite an innocuous injury for Koscielny because there's no one near him so these are the worst kind of injuries just seem to slip on the surface and his knee buckled from him they can see him there and look watch oh just as he went by this. just as he went by this so this is a very powerful impact. backwards. See the knee buckle underneath him. So there's the header. It was an awkward landing there. And then, there you go. Oh, look at that. Straightens up the knee. They call that a hyper extension. Did you know that, Gary? I do now. Dr. Gow, yeah? Yeah. I won't be calling you. Well, the only time Leicester City have avoided defeat at Arsenal in the Premier League was 22 years ago across the road at Highbury. 1-1 draw back in 1995 when Mark McGee was the manager. Ben-Helouan has just introduced himself to Olivier Giroud. He's got a yellow card for his troubles. Well, that's what Giroud will do. He'll give you a different problem. Why he should be on from the start of the game. Look at this. Oh, dear. That could have been a red card. That was studs down the back stuff. This wasn't just a knee. Watch it. That's totally deliberate. Totally deliberate from Ben-Helouan. A rush of blood. And he could have gone off. He's got away with one there. There's Johan Ben-Helouan. Mentioned earlier on, when he first signed for Leicester City, they had to tell him to calm down in training because he was too aggressive. Giroud still clutching the small of his back. Hoping to make Leicester City pay here. Giroud in the midst of all that. Leicester have dealt with it. Hooked away by Okazaki. And this is Vardy. And now Riyad Mahrez. This is where Leicester City can catch teams. Mahrez held off in the end. He's got the throw in. Mahrez again. There's Ramsey. Koscielny. Riyad Mahrez. Can go either way. Riyad Mahrez. And he's bought the free kick. And that's Xhaka again. Two fouls in quick succession. Maybe lucky not to get the yellow card. Yes, he does get it. Kind of asked for it at times, doesn't he? Just needs to watch his reaction here. Granit Xhaka. My records in the last three years. Which is why Arsene Wenger advises him to avoid tackling if he can. Although in his area of the pitch, it's very difficult to try and do that. Mahrez and Danny Drinkwater are both standing over this. Huth is forward from the back for Leicester. And by Riyad Mahrez. Yes. Far too close to Petr Cech. He's urged to release the ball quickly. Granit Xhaka. Alexis Sanchez. Trying to pick out Giroud. That's comfortable for Beneluan. Poor ball from Sanchez. Giroud's on now. Center forward. You've got to give him something to attack. Got to miss that front man. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Johan Beneluan. Vardy couldn't move forward. He was offside. And just having a word from distance with the Leicester City centre-back. But stays this way. Leicester will move on to 38 points. Yes. The reigning champions of England will be... packing up the trophy in the next few weeks. And it will be heading to London. Whether it's West London or North London is yet to be determined. This now is Mesut Ozil. The challenge was clean and well-timed by Ndidi. Yes, Ndidi. A great challenge. Can you get that in? Ha, ha, ha. Ozil just has a little bit of a split-second delay in getting this cross in. And that gives Ndidi a chance. He needs to get a toe in there. That's fine. Then goes that corner. Referee has seen an infringement. Olivier Giroud not too impressed again. A bit of sixer one-half. A dozen of the other there. But still over the top from Giroud. A North London derby to come at the weekend for Arsene Wenger and Arsenal. As it stands, there will be dropping points again here tonight. It will be three wins from their last ten games in the Premier League. Arsenal, Champions League regulars. Top four regulars. Is this the season they miss out? They need to do something about it now. Axel K publicly starved for goal to come back from Bayern see an exception for calls at Real Madrid and deciding to vote on Matchday Fat Gun with Marcelo Bui. Schalke. In the final threat to Aubameyang, the Bayern star signed for the South Indian club, Last goal of Ray Allen in 2011. But it neverenger out. This was a very line-up. If you took on Wyeth lá , there's obviously been a huge witnesses in furlough laps and look at the key. Fuchs has defended well Leicester City have defended well a lot of work has gone into this a lot of focus and concentration Leicester City will not want to let this slip now Alexis Sanchez takes a deflection indeed he's there that's Monreal deflected that may just be the goal for Arsenal that wins this game and changes the mood around this place well LeGon completely out of nothing I'm sure this one's going well wide from Monreal but it takes a wicked deflection the catch for Schmeichel's beaten we're not sure who it's come off of at the moment maybe Robert Hoof maybe an Arsenal player but it doesn't get cleared there's the presence of Giroud that keeps the ball alive they can't quite clear it half volley from Monreal yes looks like it's off Robert Hoof's chest and into the back of the net really unlucky couldn't really get out of the way and it ricochets past Schmeichel this would be a better angle to see it good half-volley it was but it's going wide and it comes off his chest and into the back of the net cruel luck well belated celebration there from Arsene Wenger look at Coquelin absolutely delighted that Arsenal have found the answer here in the end a scrappy goal but a thing of beauty for Arsenal hard on Leicester who defended well here tonight but have been hit late on can they show their powers of recovery here Mahrez with the cross Cech was grasping a thin air and this is Mark Albrighton isn't it amazing Gary a goal goes in Leicester have one of their attacks a rear attack but a couple of attacks on the spin chance for Arsenal on the break Urs Fuchs can Leicester City rescue this Albrighton's cross Cech just about deals with it now despite the presence of his own defender Koscielny backing into him there Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this Leicester City rescue this No dinosaurs I'm sure this temperatures but in fact had a tough time to round up at all I mean if it's wrong it's all wrong so it's changes a lot through the gaps of Mesut Ozil who's offside good link up play between Ozil and Sanchez I think Sanchez better off out here better out on this left hand side you've got the presence of Giroud, he's pinning defenders back, look, immediately you can see those defenders are pinned back it gives more room to Ozil and Sanchez everyone was coming deep first half no one looking to pin or get behind defenders Damare Gray will be on shortly for Leicester they'll have to hurry up with this substitution we've got about 45 seconds to go whoever's coming off is going to have to come off rapid Johan Benelouane who is coming off the centre back who could easily have been sent off a few moments ago for his challenge on Olivier Giroud and on comes Damare Gray, really positive change this from Craig Shakespeare Damare Gray, real crowd favourite of the King Power but having to buy this time in terms of starting regularly but he does have magic in those boots we are heading towards four additional minutes Danny Welbeck stopped in his tracks Welbeck gets it back there's Aaron Ramsey Wow their third and final-time home-clipping Christmas forgive hear by nobody that's exactly what he did they had before tape the allegation for the teams looks fantastic to me little bit more of an incentive to to get around the main striker if you can roll balls into him arsenal fans doing a little bit of time wasting keeping the ball in the crowd but i'm sure it's something that the referee will add on well the arsenal players are great at keeping the ball so too are the fans this will put arsenal on 60 points four points behind fourth place manchester city it's city against united in manchester tomorrow night points will be dropped one way or another it just keeps the door open for arsenal good game on real tonight whether he's been at left side centre back or gone into his normal left back position now but i think he's had a good solid game and i have to defend maybe this final throw in from fuchs fuchs across on this side of the pitch now to take a long throw okazaki standing on the toes more or less a better check and sanchez trying to uh block fuchs one way path and he's throwing the ball straight at alexis sanchez who goes down after a little bit of a delay not sure it even hits him in the face and suddenly it's trotting up here and mike jones has a few issues to sort out oh sanchez is just trying to run and intimidate fuchs as he was taking the long throw maybe try and put him off but all folks needed to do was stop a yard short from the line but if he's wanting to run at him like that yeah i think i'd have thrown it at him i've got to be honest but referee and linesman or assistant there just having a little conflab about it i'm not sure it hit him in the face anyway gary well he went down belatedly shall we say yeah here we go correct decision correct decision yellow card for alexis sanchez who stirs at christian fuchs did it hit him in the face no it's it hit him on the shoulder oh dear oh dear you won't want to watch that again tonight on the shoulder away it goes oh dear well that's embarrassing for alexis sanchez he went down so late there he's almost in the north london derby this weekend and it's given leicester city this free kick and casper schmeichel's forward morris with that free kick schmeichel was trying to make an impact just gets away from christian fuchs there's riyad mares mares and lost a try to squeeze at home okazaki was there at the near post foraging arsenal looks to have done enough has been shown to robert hooth oh arsenal arsenal all over the place when i have to defend lister will be asking him so much about the game and he's going to be a little bit more aggressive than he was going to be but he's going to be a little bit more aggressive than he was going to be action wise wasn't it against the front面 Gesch petals gele never had it ever in the in analyst two three scores I'm sure what happened a few moments ago with Alexis Sanchez all stolen away from Danny Welbeck Alexis Sanchez hits the deck there after the challenge from Robert Huth who has just been yellow carded Sanchez is holding his face again I'm not so sure if he caught one in the face this time after seeing the last one I don't think we can trust him Huth's just getting a little bit annoyed he's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of quite honestly is he yeah rather you than me well his touch got away from him here Robert Huth and he's just getting after the ball Sanchez comes, yeah that's a foul that's a foul from Sanchez I don't know why he's holding his faces This is the toughest ever battle to make the Champions League. Four tickets on offer to rub shoulders with European football's elite. Six, seven maybe teams going for it. Have Arsenal left it too late? Plenty of work to do, they have games in hand, and Tony they need to take advantage of those games in hand. Yeah, I think they've just got to start winning and winning quickly Gary, and really, well I think they've got to win all their last remaining games. Because the other teams are not going to slip up that much, so they've really got to kick on. And I've always said it's vital that Arsenal start these home games, move the ball quickly, they're fine, move it ponderously, they give the opposition a chance and a little bit of a foothold. There's Nacho Monreal who is one of the three centre backs here tonight. No stranger to playing that position. There's Gabriel who was impressive at West Ham. He's taken a bit of stick, Gabriel. He showed us what he could do in that FA Cup semi-final win against Manchester City. Well there's that longer ball you can see, and Vardy may occupy that back three. And Jou will probably just drop off him slightly, just to thicken up that midfield, but always ensures that defenders just drop off that three or four yards in trying to mark that pace, that dangerous pace. And that one ball in behind that can hurt. Arsenal with Sanchez down the middle, Walcott right, Ozil left. It's a formidable front three, if they're all at it. There's Koscielny at the heart of the back three. Gabriel, Theo Walcott coming deep for the ball. There's Bellerin, get the feeling this wing-back role will suit Hector Bellerin. Well, the switch to the back three, I think the players probably welcome this. First time Wenger's done it in his reign, I think. So, 20 years maybe for the penny to drop. But if it's not you that's forcing yourself on the opposition, then you've got to stop the opposition from playing. There goes Jamie Vardy motoring forward. Albrighton waiting in the middle. Monreal was around on the cover. Well, Monreal starting left side of the free tonight. Obviously a full-back or wing-back as he has been playing as well. But should suit him in that, should we say, left side of the free role. Always thought that Stuart Pearce, when he played for England in a back three, European Championships, and Gary Neville Wright, two full-backs in a back three, that was always a good role to play. As long as you've got two decent players who are not averse to going wider, then you're kind of fine. So, Gabriel, he's played all day. He's got Wright back on a couple of occasions. Monreal left. And you've got Koscielny in the middle with a little bit of pace. Yeah, Gabriel and Monreal won't be afraid of being dragged out wide, which is normally where centre-backs don't want to be. There's Benalouane with his first foul. Sanchez got clipped on the heel. Maybe should have gone in behind here. They made some good inroads down the outside. And Gibbs has had to come inside. Because there was no target in front. But it's the first defence for Benalouane. Yeah, he's an aggressive defender, Johan Benalouane. They actually had to tell him to calm down when he first arrived. He was smashing players in training and leaving them battered and bruised. Arsenal on the front foot here. De Gea was lurking in the middle. Huth took charge. But he won't mind that. The ball's coming in from wider positions. And really no-one in that Arsenal side committing themselves to the penalty area. Mesut Ozil. Ozil again. This now is Kieran Gibbs, who's operating in the left wing-back position tonight. They have the Maori speaker behind them... Canmanankuak Ocel! And you can see. Look at that. That's a perfect view of how Leicester are setting up. Nice and deep. They're afraid of that pace of Sanchez. And Walcott in particular, who was getting behind. And of course, if you can spring out on the attack, you've got the pace of Vardy. Well, that was their game plan last season. They took them to the title. Interestingly, this man on the ball here now, Christian Fuchs, say that in the first half of the season, maybe they were guilty of showboating, trying to prove just why they were champions. And that affected them. And this is somewhere where they can make a set piece. Quick one taken. Oh, rather wasted. Oh, he's got away with it. Fuchs. Just about getting the better of Beyrin. And now this is Mark Albrighton. Sanchez making life awkward for Danny Drinkwater. That's Benny Luan. Mike Jones, though, has pulled it back. Leicester City are taking to the stage again for the final. First time since they gave Atletico Madrid an uncomfortable night last Tuesday in the Champions League, albeit it ended in failure. But Diego Simeone and co. will not forget their night at the King Power Stadium. Albrighton with a poor delivery. Messed up there by Sanchez. There's Mark Albrighton again. And Leicester moved it sharply. And Jamie Vardy almost came up with a finish. Well, this is poor play from Sanchez. Look, ball breaks out and he thinks he's going to try and get on the breakaway. That's a poor backheel. Sets up Leicester. Quick transfer and a pass. He's Albrighton into Vardy and he's into the side netting. Not really the best attempt. Shouldn't really be playing about in those positions. Shot comes in. Doesn't reverse it enough, Vardy. First chance of the night has come the way of Leicester City, but they couldn't take it. And it's a good one. This is Kieran Gaves. Walcott lurking in the middle. It's gone beyond him and Fuchs met it. Dead ball line again, Gary, but no one in there. Great position to get into. Someone like Giroud was playing. He'd have been thriving on something like that. Well, that's what he gives you, isn't it, when he's leading the line. But it's Theo Walcott who is spearheading the Arsenal attack tonight. He was the target there, but Huth was in charge. And he's got the ball. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. And it's a good one. Hyr Barbara B password out. Elijah acontecendo? Hyr Barbara B password out. Elijahありがとうございました? S고요? Yeah. He did it. Look at that tackle. That's what I expected, as it is. tyre,lichkeit. Hyr Barbara B password out in pasteury from Von Willemke. Hyr Barbara B password out in pasteurty from Von Willemke. Hyr. Hyr Barbara B password out in a puedes Das. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. Hyr Barbara B password out in a pears. there's Kieran Gibbs Kischelny the glue that holds that Arsenal back line together there's Hector Bellerin Sanchez all cuts offside well again Sanchez dropping deep not really giving anyone a target to hit if you're playing to feet look you can see he's no intention of getting in the area dropping off deep all cuts straight just offside but it'll be very difficult to find a chance when you've not really got a target to play off of will the FA Cup be that man's saving grace again here it's been his trophy they do want more than that around here an easy piece may have broken out of the club which has been at war with itself two year contract is on the table Tony do you think he'll be signing it yeah I think he will otherwise if he wasn't I think he would have said something by now but I think he will sign I think the contract is there for him to sign it's all up to him to turn it down but I really do think he'll sign the contract and be here for another couple more seasons at least I knew you'd know finger on the pulse I don't know I'm guessing okay we wait and see there's Mahrez Mahrez again this now is Fuchs Leicester City six points above the drop coming into this tonight with a few games in hand 37 points on the table at the moment which you'd imagine would be enough and Craig Shakespeare has been at a pains to point out to these players but they can't rest until they are mathematically safe drink water always that nagging doubt in your mind Garrah isn't it is it enough is it or not everybody talks about the magical faulty but it's always been below that lately but maybe we were downstairs talking about a while back and everybody was Chatfield again it's been below that lately but we were downstairs talking about a Each team has problems talking in the media centre with some ex-players and someone said we went down with 39, we went down with 37 and West Ham are going to beat that, we went down with 40 so it was a raise and raise again but it's always a tricky one, mustn't take anything for granted because there's so much at stake and even the placings it's so close above Leicester 37 points as you said but to get near West Bromwich Albion the placings could mean well as much as £12 million in prize money Forward by Gabriel looking for Hector Beyerin he's got the better of Fuchs and Fuchs wins round two Beyerin a player that Manchester City were in hot pursuit of last summer there's Monreal once the fans are in their best to get behind their team here is Beyerin looks to link up with Alexis Sanchez or Brighton O is back doing his defensive duties there's Ozil Gibbs Granit Xhaka well they're lacking a target to go in off passing it around nicely but I think Sanchez or Walcott's just got to pin themselves up against central defenders at times and they try and get a little given going in and around the area but at the moment they're faffing around the technical turn Ozil Brighton it's difficult Gary when he's got a lot of time left in the game he's got to get a lot of time left in the game he's got to get a lot of time left in the game you know you're passing the ball but you've got to get it into someone's feet in and around the penalty area if defenders are defending so deep the way Leicester are but at the moment you can just see that everybody wants to come deep it's kind of lack of confidence really when they do that there's Monreal it's going to go really well at Wembley at the weekend Gabriel space to turn here for Walcott Sanchez let it go no one was on the same wavelength as the Chilean international Monreal in command above Vardy that's Ndidi Ojoa Drinkwater in a scrap with Coquelin far too strong Drinkwater that's where I think Arsenal got to be stronger in the middle of the park you see Drinkwater just ragdolled him out of that one just far too strong for Coquelin and this boy is really underrated for me okay he's got a Premier League winner's medal in the bag and England international but still I think he could go to a higher place team than this one and he wouldn't be out of place and he took the big decision to leave Manchester United because there are so many top quality midfielders in the queue ahead of him at Old Trafford the decision paid off offside here against Mesut Ozil far too early from Ozil and he's he's signalling that the ball should have been played earlier you can see there he's gone oh he's right across that line with Robert Hoof but he's gone a fraction early but the ball should have been played earlier anyway and it seems that his future is tied in with Arsene Wenger's future as well Mesut Ozil he does want to continue playing under the current Arsenal boss race on here between Sanchez and Robert Hoof who just swats Sanchez away it was a thought that maybe Leicester City would start with three at the back here tonight to match up with Arsenal because they did switch to that system and it went really well for them in the second half against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last week but it's the tried and trusted 4-4-2 which has served them so well Antonio the simple reason Arsenal are playing three at the back is that they were conceding too many and Arsene Wenger wanted some more security for Petr Cech exactly and the reason is that no two together were good enough for Arsenal he was just going to score a lot of goals for them in the next half because when the full-backs place are high, as Arsenal do in a back four, then you've got no protection whatsoever. And the midfield players, the screening players, are not particularly good at that as well. So by having three back there, it gives you that little bit of an insurance. Xhaka slipping up all through nicely to Kieran Gibbs. Huflis guarding that six-yard area. Oh, great ball from Xhaka, but Gibbs' dead ball line again. There's simply not enough bodies committing themselves to the penalty area. Arsenal beginning to find a bit of rhythm here as Coquelin takes aim, and it was an awkward one for Schmeichel to deal with. Well, that must have moved in the air because Schmeichel seemed to get down a little bit too early at that one, and it came back on him slightly. This is a good little build-up from the Arsenal. Xhaka just inside, and you can see Gibbs, gets that dead ball line. Still more players should be committing themselves there, trying to pick out Sanchez. Steele walk-up with that corner. Monreal trying to clever flick, and it was dealt with by Danny Simpson. There's Riyad Mahrez. He may find himself surrounded, but he's managed to win the throw-in in front of those Leicester City fans. Good little touch from Monreal, just flicking it between his legs, and nearly got in on the second ball there. We know Jamie Vardy's quick. No chance of catching up with that, but we have seen Leicester City revert to their old selves of last season, in recent times. The old rob-and-run tactic. Arsenal, we know, all vulnerable to a counter-attack. But at the moment, Arsenal in charge here. Alexis Sanchez. Didi dealing with it. Well, they're getting the dead ball line continuously down that left-hand side. They've just got to commit people to the penalty area. It's no good getting out their ball line and no one's in there. So, you see Sanchez, Ozil, hanging about on the edge of the area. No one's going to get a tap-in. Sanchez in the box at the moment. Bellerin also, and he was the target. Fuchs rose with him. Granit Xhaka. I know he's more than capable from that kind of distance. He's a good striker of a ball, Xhaka, but he doesn't quite get it. He doesn't quite get this one right. It's a decent first touch because it comes out the air. You can see he clears his feet quickly. Yep, good touch. Trying to cut across it, but leans back. Off the head of Gabriel. Didi holding off Coquelin. That's all Bryson. The ball over the top for Jamie Vardy. Thumbs up from Vardy. It was a good idea, but Koscielny saw it. I don't think twice today the likes of Albright and Drinkwater just trying to spin it high behind that back three. Koscielny read that one. As I mentioned before, he's such an important member of this Arsenal defence, Lauren Koscielny. He's not there. They seem to fall apart. Alexis Sanchez was surrounded. There's Jamie Vardy again in combat once more with Koscielny. That's Monreal. Arsenal have seen plenty of the ball and that's something you'd expect here tonight. That's Kieran Gibbs. Beneluan makes the challenge. Doesn't hold back, does he? Coquelin Sanchez made the offer ahead of him. There's Albrighton. And Didi. Well, 20 minutes in, Gary. They haven't really had an attempt at goal, Arsenal, so Leicester think that the shape that they're playing is holding it well. Obviously, they're not going to be able to do that. Obviously, they're not going to be able to do that. Leicester are relying on the odd break from Vardy, but when you're limiting Arsenal to no shots, although they got to the dead ball line on two or three occasions, then you've had a successful start. Nacho Monreal. Nacho Monreal. Leicester City again, happy to... drop into their 4-4-2 shape. There's Beyer in. Alexis Sanchez. Again, he was surrounded. Well, again, he's given the ball away. He's guilty of being overindulgent at the moment. Leicester have worked this nicely. Stanley Drinkwater. He's not quite got his sharpness, Sanchez. You can see his mind's wandering a little bit. He's coming in into deeper positions, and he's not playing with that same zest. Normally, his mind thinks as quickly as his feet move, but tonight he's stumbling about. He's a wide striker again tonight. Arsene Wenger has tried him through the middle, and he's been contemplating that move for him for the last couple of years. Fuchs with that long throw. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Abbatuth, the man who profited that particular afternoon, speared in again by Fuchs, sogenan, follows again, that's a terrific stop from Paderecek to keep out Rや Morris. That's a good volley and a good stock. All that arsenal possession. Best chance of the game falls to Leicester, Just direct, can't quit clear the lines, comes off an Arsenal head and there's a good volley, keeps it down maybe a foot either side and it's in the back of the net but straight a check and he palms it over. It's all that Arsenal possession Gary, nothing like a shot or goal, one chance less to get, bang they're shooting a goal. Check reacting well, maybe busy again here. With by Monreal, Coquelin just got there ahead of Jamie Vardy. Mahrez, just carried the ball out of play. Arsenal fans though sticking with their team here, every Arsenal game is tense right now, everything that happens around here right now is a drama. But there is a bit more positivity about the place tonight however, Cech has played that straight to Mark Albrighton. No one there in a blue shirt. Very nervy when defending Arsenal and more nervous when defending the game. He's got a bit of a nervous and that clearance from Predecek there, not quite sure he was trying to play that to but sweeping it away to his right hand side. He's nowhere near any of his teammates. That will only encourage these Leicester City players. They've had the best chance of the game so far. Arsenal though rolling forward, Bellerin. Strong run from Hector Bellerin. That's now is Coquelin. Gering Gibbs to pick up here for Arsenal, trying to weave his way through. Leicester have the answer. Coquelin. Well that's needling the haystack stuff, really going back into the bodies and Leicester crowding out Gibbs again. Still no shot at goal. What you're saying Tony, are you surprised Giroud's not starting here tonight? Oh just stand him up there, he could play as a statue and he could do better than any of the strikers at the moment Gary. Because you can play into him. There's a wild challenge in the middle of the park. Even if he just stood still, he's got to be better than Theo Walcott who's really kind of doing nothing at the moment. And they're lunging into the challenge there, Drinkwater. But at least Giroud will pin back the centre backs and you can back in and play a couple of balls off him and should you get to the dead ball line he may get in on the cross but can't really see how long he's going to play. He's got to get off the other guys. Look Sanchez again deep, running himself back into the bodies, he's getting frustrated already. You can see the body language. He's starting down the middle tonight and it's not really working, he's coming far too deep. Just get Giroud in there and all the smaller boys have got someone to play off. The free kick has gone Arsenal's way here as Gabriel and Ulloa came together. Well he hopelessly mistimes this, Gabriel look he's far too early he's there. Ulloa's got every right just to stand his ground. I think down below is Craig Shakespeare making that point away, he's just gestured in the direction of Mike Jones. Why the free kick has gone against Leo Ulloa. Well if he just stands his ground Gary, he's got every right except for Gabriel to come over the top or round the side but can't really see that one. Didn't back into it. And Olivier Giroud has been sent to warm up and of course you look at the front three, the likes of Theo Walcott starting for Arsenal tonight. Leicester City are a defence that don't tend to leave much space in behind them, they like to drop deep. Well Giroud or Welbeck would seem a better proposition for me. Get Sanchez a little bit wider but starting down the middle of tonight he's not really looking like he's wanting the ball. I'm watching him whilst Arsenal are building up and there's no movement off his feet. If you can just see him in camera shot there, look he's just strolling about, doesn't really want to know. Not coming short into the pockets, not spinning in behind. They're playing with one man light tonight, look again coming deep. Got to pin them up against those centre backs. Got to engage them, they'll just sit there all night and wait to be broken down. Beyer in. Cranachaka trying to hold off Huth. Fizz to Hector, Beyer in. There may be better options there but Theo Walcott's trying to trick his way through and Schmeichel responds. Well that's a shot of goal from Arsenal. That's good little play from Theo Walcott, little dink over the defender's foot here you can see. As they dive in it was a little dink. There, gets his second touch, clears his feet but he's always going to save it on that near post from where he's going. Schmeichel just gets under Theo Walcott's feet. Comfortably away by Christian Fuchs. That's Ozil. Come off there for Alexis Sanchez, this is Coquelin as Arsenal look to try and keep Leicester City pinned in here. Plenty of space for Mesut Ozil. Beyer in. Good block again from Danny Drinkwater, good start though there for Arsenal. Well even if he didn't get that ball in Beyer in there was a line of Leicester City defenders in front of him and no-one had committed to that penalty area. Another good ball from Xhaka, he started well. He's driven a couple of balls out wide, really does strike the ball cleanly. Flicked Golds and hooked away Christian Fuchs. Again the man to deal with that for Leicester City. Well flick on the near post and I think this is going to be a tap-in for Monreal. Flick comes in, Monreal's going to have a tap-in. Fuchs gets a foot there. Arsenal enjoying a good spell here. Can they make it count? Mesut Ozil. That ball through beautifully to Kieran Gibbs. This time it's dealt with by Huth. Gabriel looking for a little bit of movement. Ozil. Walcox. Again no Arsenal player really ready to engage the Leicester back line on the edge of the Leicester penalty area. Driving run from Coquelin. Can he deliver the cross? There's the answer. Overhead of Alexis Sanchez. Now Ojoa putting the squeeze on Monreal. Then the ball to Sanchez. Ojoa putting the squeeze on Monreal. Sanchez. Sanchez. Now Chaka. Now Chaka. On it Chaka. The deep-lying playmaker. The man who can spray the ball around the pitch as we're seeing. It's a great effect tonight. Chaka. Sanchez again Gary. Look. Really deep. giving away six or seven balls tonight. All the simple things he's not doing. We have the presence of mind to win that one back. Beyer in on the charge here. Schmeichel clutches the ball. It has gone behind. It will be a corner. A good little run in advance from Bellerin. Bellerin's the one who's got the most incisive passes at the moment. Kim thinks it in behind. Bellerin's a willing runner all day long, isn't he? But very difficult to pick someone out again. Kasper Schmeichel was advising the assistant referee that he was in the wrong position to give up. In goes the cross. It was dangerous again. Danny Simpson gets a touch on it. There's Beyer in. There's Hill. Beyer. Beyer in. He's seen plenty of the ball so far. Flanks gone up. Offside against Arsenal. They say they will announce his future. It's a good time to announce it, apparently. Arsenal. Arsenal. And Arsene Wenger. You've heard Tony Gale. He believes that he will sign this new contract. A two-year deal that's on the table. Breaking news, ain't it, Gary? It is from you. Well, I believe it's just his not to sign. Because he really is the boss of the football club. He'd have to sack himself, I think. Or walk out himself, of course. I think he still sees it, although a lot of people don't, that it's unfinished. It's not his business. But you're right, Tony. He does oversee absolutely everything here. There's been talk of maybe installing a sporting director going forward. That's not as frowned upon anymore as it used to be in English football. All will become clear in the coming weeks. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. There's Fuchs. Albrighton. Looking up with Fuchs. Gabriel dealing with it. There's Fuchs. There's Fuchs. There's Fuchs. Walcott everything that is good from Arsenal is going through Granit Xhaka right now there's Coquelin Bellerin and Sanchez Xhaka Mesut Ozil still try to score a trademark Arsenal goal here to Alexis Sanchez Theo Walcott Coquelin Ozil trying to keep their focus and concentration here and make sure that no gaps appear and Huth has gone out to greet Sanchez Ozil shrugged off the ball by Danny Drinkwater and it's an Arsenal free kick well again frustrating for Arsenal because they're not going anywhere there's still no target Sanchez coming deeper that they can go into into the edge of the area and then join it's all about five ten yards outside Ozil's delivery curls straight into the grateful arms of Kasper Schmeichel Ozil's delivery curls straight into the grateful arms of Kasper Schmeichel Leicester City have won five of their last seven games in the Premier League spoken about Arsene Wenger's future of course a decision has to be made on Craig Shakveiers a deal to be the head coach until the end of the season but couple years left on his assistant job shellar fresco genoisia manager's deal he's a player manager that the players know really well he's been at the club a long long time he's the one that the players turn to when they have a problem or two mike jones is looking at that it's a long look the flag is up for offside though well sanchez is maybe saying was it a foul before he was ruled offside he's started an offside position there ball comes in yes he's offside good decision from the assistant foul or no foul he's in an offside position and he's on the wanted list of a few clubs is alexis sanchez but arsene wenger adamant that he won't be sold this summer particularly not to a premier league rival arsene will take the gamble tony of losing him for free at the end of next season yeah there you go look everybody looking up in the air that's coquelin who's gone astray there with a pass and mentioned about the pace of arsene's play that's so important gary it's too slow again tonight it's too slow the pitch is perfect you can't blame the pitch it's just perfect to zip the ball about them but although they had that great victory in the semi-final it's still a team lacking a bit of confidence all right in to link up with a shower and the ball back and now he's laid it into the path of bearing who was taken out hard on the way for danny simpson who was sent off here last season probably a good one to take from danny simpson there because bella in's away you'll give and go in the middle of the park well played out of a tight position looking like at last they may have maybe had less numbers in front of them and simpson takes one for the team to increase the board about ten per cent he does and then he's out gary can stay up with them you can see the acceleration just great thing he can still spare me one more time to leave f Ivy High school thank you he says goodbye we'll show the video in about 10 minutes because today's game is a go off onalaska forward linecabal tried and time to put in a Tra replacement as he's left is an warning to what first-round так go to amb скорее personally i suppose so that's a good place to stay to get the other ones from their side wish it will get some time to complete the game can we at least get thelower НеogOkay they're going to take a few more fourths now we're getting a seance it's a yes or seven players the Kar nécessモ Sanchez is running along the line and he's pinning the defenders. It's a great ball in and it's a target to hit, but he's been coming far too deep for the rest of the half. That's what Arsene Wenger has spoken about when he's played Alexis Sanchez as a central striker, is that he wants to come to the ball too often as opposed to make runs away from the ball, if you like. Yeah, or just stand your ground and let the balls come into you. And that's just pinning defenders. He's wanting to come back and play the perfect game. Maybe he can do that off a wider side like he normally does. Here's Riyad Mahrez. He's away from Gabriel. Mahrez! Trying to catch out, check at his near post. He's probably come the closest in the game, hasn't he, Mahrez? From a throw-in, he nearly scored on the volley and he does so here. Look, this is too easy. A little over. There we go. Diving in and into that near post. Not really going to beat Cech on that near post, but that's too easy on Gabriel. Good bit of skill, though. Premier League star man last season. Just started to find his scoring boots again. A couple of goals in his last six games in the Premier League. And he's played those games again. Joao putting himself around, catching Gabriel. a move when the transfer window to England into Sunderland ellen was blocked. won't be the first player to change his mind and won't be the last but always a silly thing to say isn't it things change so quickly in football yeah the way it's going for Sunderland he may be thankful it was blocked there's Coquelin Koscielny the final five minutes of the first half the closest Arsenal have been Theo Walcott's effort which was saved by Schmeichel, Leicester City have drawn a decent save from Petr Schmeichel from Petr Schmeichel, from Petr Cech hello been a long season been a long night sat next to you there's Monreal this is Kieran Gibbs moving forward with purpose Coquelin Beneluan was right on his toes it took far too long he was kind of winding up for that one wasn't he Coquelin and give Beneluan a chance to come out and get the block in oh nearly nicked it there though Beneluan just about got away with that Sanchez not having the best of games Gary and Ozil he's playing well but I can't think of Theo Walcott touching the ball really has got to get into it shame for the Green replaced by like a changed in wil Perry by we might have seen it Captain Manuel maybe not in front in well back Andrew would move forward again this is care and Gibbs vertically worth loss Shaka registration can Gilmore yeah why does fiat warcraft not shoot your Speaker you maybe playing on the side you're an inside forward but take a touch and shoot get it out your body but again look going backwards it's a lack of confidence maybe a little bit of negativity just offside little bit unlucky on that one but someone's got to shoot Arsene Wenger has the options there in Danny Welbeck and Olivier Giroud just wonder what the reaction will be from the Arsenal fans at the break if it remains this way as I mentioned every game is a drama right now and that's Gibbs and Didi nicely done by Granit Xhaka Sanchez again hasn't made a right decision tonight maybe here this could be his moment now he's got Bellerin tearing forward back to Alexis Sanchez Leicester have regrouped here I dare he's having one of those night's Gary one of the top players around and he's still working out to get it back he's not going to give up the fight Alexis Sanchez Ozil there's Xhaka for me who's been Arsenal's star man in the first half Coquelin dear oh dear sometimes you wonder if it's like 30 passes a goal other than you know having a shot a goal putting it in the back of that net you can't really say anything about it you're not really taking the initiative it's a reluctance either have a shot there's a lot of good strikers edible in this Arsenal team but really taking the initiative like Vardy had just about stayed on side there just run out of pitch though but every groan around this place will be music to the ears of these Leicester City players the wait to be lifted aren't they waiting for someone to make a pretty strong tackle war someone to make a driving run have a shot a goal and take a risk but every one of them are playing safe at the moment Kieran Gibbs Sanchez and usually when we've seen Sanchez frustrated it's