the chance of the century being reached, it's their 48th Premier League game under this charismatic manager Spoke certainly suggested in that first 25 minutes now that they have got more to offer in this game yeah they've got to rediscover that now and Jamie said it at half-time Crouch and Walters were causing all sorts of problems Joe Allen linking up joining in and they definitely ruffled Liverpool's feathers in that period of the game but they've got to get back to it it was effective they looked very comfortable that first 20 minutes or so could easily have gone two ahead so they got to believe in themselves and sure Marc Hughes will be telling that at half-time that there is something for them with Crouch and Walters up front he'll know the next goal is vital his team can get it they can rewrite the history books Wijnaldum taken out of it by Henderson trying to head it down Allen the harm play was Klavan and a goal by Jordan Henderson Goal! and it's out! Lallana Henderson Firmino Goal! Goal! Goal! Liverpool third nine points behind Chelsea needing to win to regain second place above Manchester City Gasdoor Borussia Dortmund Liverpool nuruet Davide ksi Lettuce Razzok Kroij Mbappé 2ности Sol Nagel knoll sliced by Mbule Whelan was grateful it fell his way off Mane and Crouch repeat the feat Johnson great shape to the second half as yet yes Stokes plan it's not the most thought out tactic but Walters and Crouch probably having to rely now on Ariels' service and Liverpool just got to try and get it down get the flow going the way they finished the half and now they're starting to climb just roll it into space let's get there first and now supporting on the inside Mane a triangle of ex-Southampton players here's Klavan surveying his options he really makes a natural target there's Milner too slow to pick himself up not for the first time in this game Mane Milner trying to whip it into that far corner opened up really well Duke didn't cover himself in glory by falling over and staying down but he was taking advantage of it isn't it Milner really bright play goes for the one two he's on side and trying to sweep it into the far corner just overcooks it good play from Liverpool he scored against Stoke for a last two innings Newcastle and Manchester City, and he's... finishing the score for Liverpool. Against the same opposition. Juve. Walters. Milner, the older end of this Liverpool team. Counting over 30s for Stoke City. APPLAUSE Piers Clyne. Young or old, Liverpool usually outrun the opposition, that's part of the Klopp mantra. Juve. It will be 30 next birthday. Just looking down at Origi, Martin, he's apologising to about four Liverpool players, the first time he's come out and got on the ball and given it away, a couple of really good options. Ended up apologising to people. Somehow finding a good clearance. Piers! Steele! Oh. A bit early. Didn't really give Walters the chance to jump. And then a bit of a spat between Wijnaldum and Juve, that's the way of scripture as it started. Well, Walters feels for him, he knows his craft. He backs him, but not aggressively enough to catch the referee's attention. He manufactures himself. And his team a free kick. Not giving out about that, did plenty of it myself. Clever play. The divided runup to the final in the sixth-round holes at המ Also with G Maori. Not taken by Wijnaldum. Well not to where his team mates would hope it would go, hasn't really set the world on fire since his move from Manchester City. Got a couple of goals in that Monday night game when we brought you against Swansea. Shawcross with a defensive header. Wijnaldum. Pinned from him by the eager Allen. The crowd trying to cause a bit of confusion here. Lovren and Mignolet got very close to each other, which is often a recipe for disaster with defender and keeper. Has been in the past, but it got there. Give credit in the end. Tricky situation. Balana. Now Flava. And from Henderson. Looking to work with Sadio Mane. That's a poor kick by Grant and a poor touch by Henderson. The talk of Peter Crouch getting another year's contract from Stoke. And he's doing his utmost here in Anfield and his return to Anfield tonight to keep those thoughts coming. Allen. Now Juve. And Mignolet stops the supply line for the Woodscratch and company. Proving he can defend as well. James Mignolet opened up nicely for Juve there. Just hesitated a fraction. Allen takes. Match coming in. Allen again. Here's Whelan. Always sensing where he's needed. Johnson. Ouching pursuit. Beaten by the corner flag as much as the opposition. It's really a time of year. If ever there is one for good humour. And Michael Oliver not invoking the letter of the law. Firmino. Too sophisticated. Lovren. Just an interesting spot. And then there was a very unusual spell where Stoke are doing their best to get back into the contest. Not quite opening. Threatening to open Liverpool up as much as they did in the first 20 minutes. For the first half. It's gone into what you call a scrappy phase. Trying to do what they're best at. Neither of them succeeding. Yet in the first ten minutes of the second half. Stoke the more anxious. Firmino. If he'd been into Mane's path he would have been clean through. A movement either side. Mane again. Flying hard and low, Chokos defending. Lallana. Good work by Martin Zindi. Lallana rather took it away from Wijnaldum, no hard feelings. That's right, he kind of took it off as he was about to pull the trigger. It comes out. Maybe there wasn't a shout. You can see Wijnaldum saying, I was right on there. And two against one from the corner. Now Wijnaldum could have taken on for a shot that time. Stumbled. Henderson. Conforant. Looking centre-back with a good touch. Couldn't quite turn that to Liverpool's advantage. They come again. Origi. Looking to the left of Milner for Liverpool. Klein. And he gives it back to the right-back. Nice touch from Wijnaldum, and one there to mop up. Crouch, lovely control. Whelan. They haven't got a real sprinter in the shape of Walters or Crouch. Yeah, the first part of it was decent, Crouch held it up, laid it off with them. It wasn't really anything there, Wijnaldum far better off just coming out, building again and maybe just getting across later on in the phase. Rushed it. Wijnaldum. That was kind again, and also effective, the right-back is in marauding mood. And it's a good thing that he's got a little bit of a bit of a lull in the atmosphere at Anfield, as if everyone's trying to work out what they're going to do with the rest of the evening. And it's a 5-15 kick-off. Plenty of time to party. Just needs a spark now. They don't create it, but at the same time, if they were to let Stoke back into this, it could get very, very tricky. As well as they finished the first half, they haven't come out the second half in quite the same form. That's a straight header for Martins Indy. Henderson. Origi, it's ended up in the back of the net, it is 3-1. Mbula was stretching for it. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. All came from a lax... Stoke header. Yeah, again, they could do better here. That's a really poor header. Don't understand what he was trying to do there. Henderson keeps it. Gets it back into play. Great cross, and well, Mbula, in truth, had to try and go for it, because if he doesn't, it's a tap-in. You can see, no choice but to try and go for the ball, and get something on it that will get it away from goal. Unfortunately for him, touch too much. And despite not being fluent or playing at their best this half, Liverpool are now really in the box. Mane would have converted it if Mbula hadn't stretched out that boot. That important next ball. It's gone Liverpool's way. Another period now, as you were rightly saying, they weren't really piling on the pressure, but they might do now. Mane. Well, you get the feeling a show will make one now. They're getting to see a vulnerability about the Stoke players. It's OK, gets it onto his left foot. Short cross, gets something on it. You can feel it. It'll be a difficult half an hour to come now. Stoke, to dig deep, gather themselves back. Liverpool are smiling. It's launched away from Firmino. Henderson. And a run is coming from the right. Fbbema, very easy sympathetic shot. He makes it there... G живет, сtu?? Lellana. It's an old football saying, isn't it? with no games played on Christmas Eve. This is the first game of the holiday season, maybe as players get tired and teams have to be changed, we will get some results against current form and league status. Chelsea doing what they're doing, it's essential. But the likes of Liverpool and those chasing, they pick up the points over Christmas. It's a mean Chelsea team, but well oiled, going really well, to stay in touch, there can't be any more West Ham or Bournemouth performances from Liverpool. Shawcross. Down by Walters, there's Juve. Lallana's down. Holding his head. Juve held him off as he's gone in to get close. Firmino's saying it's an elbow, you can see he shifts the touch here. Well... Doesn't look as if it was a dangerous thing he's done, he's pushing Wales away. Fingers have probably got him in the eye. Poked him in the eye, I think, is the issue there. More of a slap as his right hand came across. Wijnaldum. Here's Shawcross. Panay started well here for Marquez and company. Those two goals late in the first half tended to stifle it, in the second half they've gone with it again, but it hasn't really... It didn't influence the shape of the match. Now the third goal's gone in for Liverpool, let's not think about plan B or C, and Zvecky is doing the... adjustments. Real equivalent to Mbrillo. And Schalke turbine, doing what Stoke did. They tried to do their thing, but defensive frailty once again pops up to give Liverpool the advantage. They scarcely deserve that third goal. But now you'd think they might go on to score a fourth, and Mark Hughes, Mark Bone have stuck a big job to find a plan B here. That's a lovely ball from Milner, made possible by the run of Wijnaldum. Milner joins in again. And again. Liverpool looking for more. And Grant stops. A header from Klein. Terrific play from Liverpool. Allen trying to put counter-attack, stopped in his tracks by Lovren. Mane. Allen tries again. Goal! Liverpool really in the mood again now. Gan Edenwoo used foul true to Hello Santa nasty spray Sobe. 20 minute. To the second half of Glen Wheelan. number nine maybe Alan's going to play a little bit deeper now I think they're going to try and gamble and get some support up a little bit earlier Walter's in front, nowhere near as effective this half is 20 minutes since the first 20 minutes of the game and the feature of that of course is players getting up and supporting Walter's giving chase here Watson full of apology to Rinaldo frustrated here, he took a heavy touch on the ball comes in late knew he'd done wrong, apologised roughly pretty festive and not producing a foul Martin Zindi and Boulat was desperately pressed to make up for a miscalculation of his own here there's the first problem of course is the header and he tries to get back in to help out don't know what he was doing with the header but I feel for him at the end of that because he knows he has to get there first he knows Mane's coming in behind but what he was trying to do with the header I've no idea Alan he's got a good shot there and a jam and a jam and a jam has been readied for Liverpool and a jam has been readied for Liverpool and there's Mane with the header and there's Mane with the header Alan Alan Alan and a chance can be read Daniel Sturridge is ready as well and a double change and a double change for Jurgen Klopp for Jurgen Klopp two players who two players who are definite candidates for a place in his first 11 two players who are definite candidates for a place in his first 11 suggestion that he might feel that the job is done removing Adam Lallana the match is about to come to a thick and fast particularly of course Manchester City here on Saturday Henry Chan who did come on in the derby as did Sturridge As did Sturridge and Offaly who did come on in the derby and Offaly who did come on in the derby with a go at 3 1 up it's a nice luxury to have 3 1 up get more minutes into these guys get more minutes into these guys they'll want to make an impact keep the whole thing going strong preparing them better for the tough couple of games to come big welcome back for Daniel Sturridge of course it was Sturridge who hit the post of course it was Sturridge who hit the post part which led up to the money winning goal so be love them certainty right now the I mean sorry choose to play of course for Mark Hughes they were together at Manchester City he's been gifted surely his first Premier League goal of the season here there it is that is the end of Stoke City who started so well Shawcross take the blame here doesn't look up doesn't realize that Sturridge is lurking no problem at all here it gets a ball does he tell him to go back to the goalkeeper then he decides to go back and that's poor fair play to Sturridge takes it around you young grant old grant and knocks it in really really well but it should never have happened like perhaps three of the goals tonight that Liverpool have scored very preventable but that doesn't stop Sturridge his first involvement in the game get himself on the score sheet and that is 100 Premier League goals under Jurgen Klopp and there's surely none more gift wrap by the opposition good for Sturridge though he'll be feeling better about pushing for a place now and join himself in this team that's what you need good players players who are going to be playing for you in the next few years and I think that's what you need great players like him and Origi fighting hard trying to get the team goals have been shared around again never in football ignore the lessons of history Stoke City have never won in the top division at Anfield they've only scored three goals here in the league in the last 40 years in matches that have finished 5-1 against them that was in 1983 4-1 against them earlier this year and now it's 4-1 today having taken the lead and it might not all be over in that respect as Grant comes out what a connection with Stoke of course his uncle Simon had a spell footballing family the Sturridges still had a bit of work to do didn't he it was nice the way he just he makes those sort of things look easy doesn't he just yeah that's what I was going to say get the footwork right with some players you wouldn't be saying as soon as he got the ball it would be a goal but with Daniel Firmino Sturridge I really wanted to know what it was about he's still going on look out for more putting it in the net to make it awkward for Glenn Johnson probably rushing from the other side as he was for six years this is the tough part of being a footballer when you suddenly get a little bit of a lesson from the opposition and there's nowhere worse to get it than at Anfield Another reason why his journey's been worthwhile. Let's see, a Sturridge strike. Almost as soon as he arrived in the game. Henderson, that's been the captain of course, Lovren! It seemed that if it struck Firmino in any other part of his body, it would have flown into the net. Great play again, great vision from Henderson to know what was happening over his shoulder. Lovely ball across, could have been another one. Chad. Well, Firmino had another touch off him, but... was close. Looks over his shoulder, great ball, Lovren does really well to get it across, just a fraction behind him, hits him up around the hip area. Very nearly got a second. Two. Good parts, allowing the comeback of Ibrahim Afalai, he's been out since April. Fought in the home game against Tottenham. The Premier League football keeps on coming at this time of the year, delighted to bring to you Southampton against Spurs, 7.30 Sky Sports 1. ู้ qu However, as the time of the series, football is in a critical state where very little respect for players and very few cheques amount to an approximate setting of Social Security. This makes it hard to sign for a football club. Can many of us really suffer tomorrow? Nope. A good sense of the advantage. Henderson. A great judgement of the pass. Wonderful ball. Klein. He wasn't quite set to slide it down the outside for Mane. Got to go back to that ball from Jordan Henderson. Found myself clapping there. Wasn't it terrific? There was one from Kevin De Bruyne, wasn't it? Very similar. The other week. Well, if you want a reason for Liverpool to press home their advantage here, some of these players were around when they lost 6-1 at the Britannia Stadium. 18 months ago. Time for party tricks. Time for party tricks. Even with a bat in there. And a bat in there. Sobe. Egyptian international. Walters. Johnson. Some ground. Allen. It's present-day Liverpool very much with the edge over. The ex-Liverpool element of the opposition. Had a turn of tact. It's good. Yeah. Really good você Kl Mummy. Ahand thought at Madrid. Due the few things you just told us. At home. Yes. All of their superb performances and he couldn't can't loves it. The세 Good effort. Liverpool making another change. That will give Salvatore Moreno the chance to reach 100 appearances for Liverpool. He's been out of favour for much of the season. Jürgen Klopp kept faith with Roberto Firmino despite him being out and about in the early hours of Christmas Eve. Liverpool's response to that incident with the police. They're going to let the legal process take its course and then make a judgement after that. Firmino justifying the faith kept in him with that very important goal that put Liverpool in front just before half-time. Completely changed the game, I think they win at 1-1. It's different, it's more difficult. They're not going to feel that there's really something in it for them. A 2-1 Stoke probably felt they missed the bus a little bit. They were going so well. They did say that in the first ten minutes and a half of Scrappy, the third goal probably killed the contest off. Roberto Moreno is playing on the left-hand side, a left-back who took his place, James Milner. There's a possibility here of those roles being reversed. Klopp sticking with what's served the back four well. Just over ten minutes to go. And it is as it was here in April. In the last season, Liverpool did the Premier League double over. Stoke and went to Wembley at their expense. And the Capital One Cup, as it was called then. Lovren. Plying. Sturridge. Henderson. Milner. It's been a long time, the team's been playing so well. Henderson, Milner. And a long last ten minutes or so of this for Stoke City, you feel. Wijnaldum. Moreno. It's tough, isn't it? John Walters walking through there. I'm sure he was dreaming of glory here at Anfield tonight after he'd scored that goal that would definitely disjoint it for a long period, Liverpool. But they've come on very strong and helped with some indecisive defending. Nicely done that time by Moreno, who did score in that 4-1 win in April. It's the last Liverpool goal. Milner. It can't be too much fun if you are a recognised player in one position and you lose your top spot to a versatility man. In some respects, but I mean, it's James Milner, he's already won a couple of league titles, he's trying to win one now, playing at left-back, he's just so dependable. Hard for Moreno. Sturridge. Kahn reclaimed it for Liverpool. Even defending in their own third is getting very difficult for Stoke City now. Awareness of mind as well as of body. Getting ready below me, Wilfred Bonny. He's a guy who was a big move to Manchester City a few years ago, to be really on the up. Terrific times. He's got a good line with Swansea. How Swansea could do with him now. It's funny, you know, the move back to Stoke, if you like, back down a ladder from the top six. Hasn't worked out. A great ball from Sturridge. Mane. Henderson, and a hit Sturridge. And then comes Moreno, throwing himself at it. Well... Hands on the head. For Sturridge, he smiles. Carved him open again, Mane, a little bit too far for him, but he holds up. Then just finds a lovely ball back, Henderson lets fly. Oh, Sturridge couldn't quite get it on target. And then the block comes in. Liverpool pressing, not settling for four. It's definitely been a policy, the short corners for Jurgen Klopp, another variety here, one that isn't quite rehearsed. Here comes Wolters. Back by Henderson. Not once but twice. Wow, a generous round of applause for the unfaithful. What a year he's had, Jordan Henderson. For sure, yeah. And to... Just captain Liverpool, that captain England when Wayne Rooney's not required. Well, generous for the former players here. The Liverpool folk. And again, pull the crouch. A rising ovation as he gives way to Rupert Bunnock. I don't know how much more we'll see of Peter Crouch, but it's been a pleasure not just watching him play the game, the way he's played the game, smiling his face throughout his career. Fondly remembered here, Manny Grounds. In England, still a bit of life in him. He did all right, you know, early on he was a real handful. ktoom you think it was? Xavi. APPLAUSE And £4 and Klavan out of the way... The goal conceded an irrelevant statistics. It seems like it was from a different game, doesn't it? Well put. Johnsen. to Northwold Ox right back position now a different game in the sense of Stoke changing their tactics really forced upon them Walters by Ben Johnson and Alberto Moreno well they tried something different Stoke and Liverpool were set a bit of a puzzle here on this extra bank holiday in the end they've solved it took them to the brink of half time to really feel good about themselves today a little bit of a stroll since then now on impossible I think two times but it bought Wan Family payment six in weeds and чи can see if such features entin two light going people search Јarog olduğîILL над whether to look over their shoulders or from front of them bring in defensively another draw today would have taken them into the top ten a fly Martin's in dick a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock Henderson similar colors unveiled here on Saturday Henderson Henderson a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock when Manchester City arrive of course would love a similar scoreline if Chelsea were to beat Stoke points will be dropped here my team's two and three maybe both well there you go in three very important games we said beforehand come up really quickly dealt with the first one very well you could say there's nine points at stake the three games with that game you're talking about in the middle the Man City one and that's a six pointer for sure they can only do what they were asked to do tonight face from Chan loose ball here which Liverpool gather with Rinaldo Milner Oh Jurgen Klopp insisted Liverpool would not underestimate their task tonight there were signs that they had done the Stoke starting so well you have to applaud Liverpool the way they come back into it they did get a break and really struggling for a long period but I like the way when things started to go their way they capitalized goals spread about thank you it was making a lot of forward runs in the first 2025 minutes now I'm letting you know that really here in just about two weeks and it very much a defender I need all the defenders they can get to give liverpool more hangers oh allora so I believe that was two against two of the eye's probably not to give Liverpool good credit for that. Woke themselves up and eventually dominated the game. I'm hearing there'll be three added minutes on the board.