the chance of the century being reached, it's their 48th Premier League game under this charismatic manager Spoke certainly suggested in that first 25 minutes now that they have got more to offer in this game yeah they've got to rediscover that now and Jamie said it at half-time Crouch and Walters were causing all sorts of problems Joe Allen linking up joining in and they definitely ruffled Liverpool's feathers in that period of the game but they've got to get back to it it was effective they looked very comfortable that first 20 minutes or so could easily have gone two ahead so they got to believe in themselves and sure Marc Hughes will be telling that at half-time that there is something for them with Crouch and Walters up front he'll know the next goal is vital his team can get it they can rewrite the history books Wijnaldum taken out of it by Henderson trying to head it down Allen the harm play was Klavan and a goal by Jordan Henderson Goal! and it's out! Lallana Henderson Firmino Goal! Goal! Goal! Liverpool third nine points behind Chelsea needing to win to regain second place above Manchester City Gasdoor Borussia Dortmund Liverpool nuruet Davide ksi Lettuce Razzok Kroij Mbappé 2ности Sol Nagel knoll sliced by Mbule Whelan was grateful it fell his way off Mane and Crouch repeat the feat Johnson great shape to the second half as yet yes Stokes plan it's not the most thought out tactic but Walters and Crouch probably having to rely now on Ariels' service and Liverpool just got to try and get it down get the flow going the way they finished the half and now they're starting to climb just roll it into space let's get there first and now supporting on the inside Mane a triangle of ex-Southampton players here's Klavan surveying his options he really makes a natural target there's Milner too slow to pick himself up not for the first time in this game Mane Milner trying to whip it into that far corner opened up really well Duke didn't cover himself in glory by falling over and staying down but he was taking advantage of it isn't it Milner really bright play goes for the one two he's on side and trying to sweep it into the far corner just overcooks it good play from Liverpool he scored against Stoke for a last two innings Newcastle and Manchester City, and he's... finishing the score for Liverpool. Against the same opposition. Juve. Walters. Milner, the older end of this Liverpool team. Counting over 30s for Stoke City. APPLAUSE Piers Clyne. Young or old, Liverpool usually outrun the opposition, that's part of the Klopp mantra. Juve. It will be 30 next birthday. Just looking down at Origi, Martin, he's apologising to about four Liverpool players, the first time he's come out and got on the ball and given it away, a couple of really good options. Ended up apologising to people. Somehow finding a good clearance. Piers! Steele! Oh. A bit early. Didn't really give Walters the chance to jump. And then a bit of a spat between Wijnaldum and Juve, that's the way of scripture as it started. Well, Walters feels for him, he knows his craft. He backs him, but not aggressively enough to catch the referee's attention. He manufactures himself. And his team a free kick. Not giving out about that, did plenty of it myself. Clever play. The divided runup to the final in the sixth-round holes at המ Also with G Maori. Not taken by Wijnaldum. Well not to where his team mates would hope it would go, hasn't really set the world on fire since his move from Manchester City. Got a couple of goals in that Monday night game when we brought you against Swansea. Shawcross with a defensive header. Wijnaldum. Pinned from him by the eager Allen. The crowd trying to cause a bit of confusion here. Lovren and Mignolet got very close to each other, which is often a recipe for disaster with defender and keeper. Has been in the past, but it got there. Give credit in the end. Tricky situation. Balana. Now Flava. And from Henderson. Looking to work with Sadio Mane. That's a poor kick by Grant and a poor touch by Henderson. The talk of Peter Crouch getting another year's contract from Stoke. And he's doing his utmost here in Anfield and his return to Anfield tonight to keep those thoughts coming. Allen. Now Juve. And Mignolet stops the supply line for the Woodscratch and company. Proving he can defend as well. James Mignolet opened up nicely for Juve there. Just hesitated a fraction. Allen takes. Match coming in. Allen again. Here's Whelan. Always sensing where he's needed. Johnson. Ouching pursuit. Beaten by the corner flag as much as the opposition. It's really a time of year. If ever there is one for good humour. And Michael Oliver not invoking the letter of the law. Firmino. Too sophisticated. Lovren. Just an interesting spot. And then there was a very unusual spell where Stoke are doing their best to get back into the contest. Not quite opening. Threatening to open Liverpool up as much as they did in the first 20 minutes. For the first half. It's gone into what you call a scrappy phase. Trying to do what they're best at. Neither of them succeeding. Yet in the first ten minutes of the second half. Stoke the more anxious. Firmino. If he'd been into Mane's path he would have been clean through. A movement either side. Mane again. Flying hard and low, Chokos defending. Lallana. Good work by Martin Zindi. Lallana rather took it away from Wijnaldum, no hard feelings. That's right, he kind of took it off as he was about to pull the trigger. It comes out. Maybe there wasn't a shout. You can see Wijnaldum saying, I was right on there. And two against one from the corner. Now Wijnaldum could have taken on for a shot that time. Stumbled. Henderson. Conforant. Looking centre-back with a good touch. Couldn't quite turn that to Liverpool's advantage. They come again. Origi. Looking to the left of Milner for Liverpool. Klein. And he gives it back to the right-back. Nice touch from Wijnaldum, and one there to mop up. Crouch, lovely control. Whelan. They haven't got a real sprinter in the shape of Walters or Crouch. Yeah, the first part of it was decent, Crouch held it up, laid it off with them. It wasn't really anything there, Wijnaldum far better off just coming out, building again and maybe just getting across later on in the phase. Rushed it. Wijnaldum. That was kind again, and also effective, the right-back is in marauding mood. And it's a good thing that he's got a little bit of a bit of a lull in the atmosphere at Anfield, as if everyone's trying to work out what they're going to do with the rest of the evening. And it's a 5-15 kick-off. Plenty of time to party. Just needs a spark now. They don't create it, but at the same time, if they were to let Stoke back into this, it could get very, very tricky. As well as they finished the first half, they haven't come out the second half in quite the same form. That's a straight header for Martins Indy. Henderson. Origi, it's ended up in the back of the net, it is 3-1. Mbula was stretching for it. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. All came from a lax... Stoke header. Yeah, again, they could do better here. That's a really poor header. Don't understand what he was trying to do there. Henderson keeps it. Gets it back into play. Great cross, and well, Mbula, in truth, had to try and go for it, because if he doesn't, it's a tap-in. You can see, no choice but to try and go for the ball, and get something on it that will get it away from goal. Unfortunately for him, touch too much. And despite not being fluent or playing at their best this half, Liverpool are now really in the box. Mane would have converted it if Mbula hadn't stretched out that boot. That important next ball. It's gone Liverpool's way. Another period now, as you were rightly saying, they weren't really piling on the pressure, but they might do now. Mane. Well, you get the feeling a show will make one now. They're getting to see a vulnerability about the Stoke players. It's OK, gets it onto his left foot. Short cross, gets something on it. You can feel it. It'll be a difficult half an hour to come now. Stoke, to dig deep, gather themselves back. Liverpool are smiling. It's launched away from Firmino. Henderson. And a run is coming from the right. Fbbema, very easy sympathetic shot. He makes it there... G живет, сtu?? Lellana. It's an old football saying, isn't it? with no games played on Christmas Eve. This is the first game of the holiday season, maybe as players get tired and teams have to be changed, we will get some results against current form and league status. Chelsea doing what they're doing, it's essential. But the likes of Liverpool and those chasing, they pick up the points over Christmas. It's a mean Chelsea team, but well oiled, going really well, to stay in touch, there can't be any more West Ham or Bournemouth performances from Liverpool. Shawcross. Down by Walters, there's Juve. Lallana's down. Holding his head. Juve held him off as he's gone in to get close. Firmino's saying it's an elbow, you can see he shifts the touch here. Well... Doesn't look as if it was a dangerous thing he's done, he's pushing Wales away. Fingers have probably got him in the eye. Poked him in the eye, I think, is the issue there. More of a slap as his right hand came across. Wijnaldum. Here's Shawcross. Panay started well here for Marquez and company. Those two goals late in the first half tended to stifle it, in the second half they've gone with it again, but it hasn't really... It didn't influence the shape of the match. Now the third goal's gone in for Liverpool, let's not think about plan B or C, and Zvecky is doing the... adjustments. Real equivalent to Mbrillo. And Schalke turbine, doing what Stoke did. They tried to do their thing, but defensive frailty once again pops up to give Liverpool the advantage. They scarcely deserve that third goal. But now you'd think they might go on to score a fourth, and Mark Hughes, Mark Bone have stuck a big job to find a plan B here. That's a lovely ball from Milner, made possible by the run of Wijnaldum. Milner joins in again. And again. Liverpool looking for more. And Grant stops. A header from Klein. Terrific play from Liverpool. Allen trying to put counter-attack, stopped in his tracks by Lovren. Mane. Allen tries again. Goal! Liverpool really in the mood again now. Gan Edenwoo used foul true to Hello Santa nasty spray Sobe. 20 minute. To the second half of Glen Wheelan. number nine maybe Alan's going to play a little bit deeper now I think they're going to try and gamble and get some support up a little bit earlier Walter's in front, nowhere near as effective this half is 20 minutes since the first 20 minutes of the game and the feature of that of course is players getting up and supporting Walter's giving chase here Watson full of apology to Rinaldo frustrated here, he took a heavy touch on the ball comes in late knew he'd done wrong, apologised roughly pretty festive and not producing a foul Martin Zindi and Boulat was desperately pressed to make up for a miscalculation of his own here there's the first problem of course is the header and he tries to get back in to help out don't know what he was doing with the header but I feel for him at the end of that because he knows he has to get there first he knows Mane's coming in behind but what he was trying to do with the header I've no idea Alan he's got a good shot there and a jam and a jam and a jam has been readied for Liverpool and a jam has been readied for Liverpool and there's Mane with the header and there's Mane with the header Alan Alan Alan and a chance can be read Daniel Sturridge is ready as well and a double change and a double change for Jurgen Klopp for Jurgen Klopp two players who two players who are definite candidates for a place in his first 11 two players who are definite candidates for a place in his first 11 suggestion that he might feel that the job is done removing Adam Lallana the match is about to come to a thick and fast particularly of course Manchester City here on Saturday Henry Chan who did come on in the derby as did Sturridge As did Sturridge and Offaly who did come on in the derby and Offaly who did come on in the derby with a go at 3 1 up it's a nice luxury to have 3 1 up get more minutes into these guys get more minutes into these guys they'll want to make an impact keep the whole thing going strong preparing them better for the tough couple of games to come big welcome back for Daniel Sturridge of course it was Sturridge who hit the post of course it was Sturridge who hit the post part which led up to the money winning goal so be love them certainty right now the I mean sorry choose to play of course for Mark Hughes they were together at Manchester City he's been gifted surely his first Premier League goal of the season here there it is that is the end of Stoke City who started so well Shawcross take the blame here doesn't look up doesn't realize that Sturridge is lurking no problem at all here it gets a ball does he tell him to go back to the goalkeeper then he decides to go back and that's poor fair play to Sturridge takes it around you young grant old grant and knocks it in really really well but it should never have happened like perhaps three of the goals tonight that Liverpool have scored very preventable but that doesn't stop Sturridge his first involvement in the game get himself on the score sheet and that is 100 Premier League goals under Jurgen Klopp and there's surely none more gift wrap by the opposition good for Sturridge though he'll be feeling better about pushing for a place now and join himself in this team that's what you need good players players who are going to be playing for you in the next few years and I think that's what you need great players like him and Origi fighting hard trying to get the team goals have been shared around again never in football ignore the lessons of history Stoke City have never won in the top division at Anfield they've only scored three goals here in the league in the last 40 years in matches that have finished 5-1 against them that was in 1983 4-1 against them earlier this year and now it's 4-1 today having taken the lead and it might not all be over in that respect as Grant comes out what a connection with Stoke of course his uncle Simon had a spell footballing family the Sturridges still had a bit of work to do didn't he it was nice the way he just he makes those sort of things look easy doesn't he just yeah that's what I was going to say get the footwork right with some players you wouldn't be saying as soon as he got the ball it would be a goal but with Daniel Firmino Sturridge I really wanted to know what it was about he's still going on look out for more putting it in the net to make it awkward for Glenn Johnson probably rushing from the other side as he was for six years this is the tough part of being a footballer when you suddenly get a little bit of a lesson from the opposition and there's nowhere worse to get it than at Anfield Another reason why his journey's been worthwhile. Let's see, a Sturridge strike. Almost as soon as he arrived in the game. Henderson, that's been the captain of course, Lovren! It seemed that if it struck Firmino in any other part of his body, it would have flown into the net. Great play again, great vision from Henderson to know what was happening over his shoulder. Lovely ball across, could have been another one. Chad. Well, Firmino had another touch off him, but... was close. Looks over his shoulder, great ball, Lovren does really well to get it across, just a fraction behind him, hits him up around the hip area. Very nearly got a second. Two. Good parts, allowing the comeback of Ibrahim Afalai, he's been out since April. Fought in the home game against Tottenham. The Premier League football keeps on coming at this time of the year, delighted to bring to you Southampton against Spurs, 7.30 Sky Sports 1. ู้ qu However, as the time of the series, football is in a critical state where very little respect for players and very few cheques amount to an approximate setting of Social Security. This makes it hard to sign for a football club. Can many of us really suffer tomorrow? Nope. A good sense of the advantage. Henderson. A great judgement of the pass. Wonderful ball. Klein. He wasn't quite set to slide it down the outside for Mane. Got to go back to that ball from Jordan Henderson. Found myself clapping there. Wasn't it terrific? There was one from Kevin De Bruyne, wasn't it? Very similar. The other week. Well, if you want a reason for Liverpool to press home their advantage here, some of these players were around when they lost 6-1 at the Britannia Stadium. 18 months ago. Time for party tricks. Time for party tricks. Even with a bat in there. And a bat in there. Sobe. Egyptian international. Walters. Johnson. Some ground. Allen. It's present-day Liverpool very much with the edge over. The ex-Liverpool element of the opposition. Had a turn of tact. It's good. Yeah. Really good você Kl Mummy. Ahand thought at Madrid. Due the few things you just told us. At home. Yes. All of their superb performances and he couldn't can't loves it. The세 Good effort. Liverpool making another change. That will give Salvatore Moreno the chance to reach 100 appearances for Liverpool. He's been out of favour for much of the season. Jürgen Klopp kept faith with Roberto Firmino despite him being out and about in the early hours of Christmas Eve. Liverpool's response to that incident with the police. They're going to let the legal process take its course and then make a judgement after that. Firmino justifying the faith kept in him with that very important goal that put Liverpool in front just before half-time. Completely changed the game, I think they win at 1-1. It's different, it's more difficult. They're not going to feel that there's really something in it for them. A 2-1 Stoke probably felt they missed the bus a little bit. They were going so well. They did say that in the first ten minutes and a half of Scrappy, the third goal probably killed the contest off. Roberto Moreno is playing on the left-hand side, a left-back who took his place, James Milner. There's a possibility here of those roles being reversed. Klopp sticking with what's served the back four well. Just over ten minutes to go. And it is as it was here in April. In the last season, Liverpool did the Premier League double over. Stoke and went to Wembley at their expense. And the Capital One Cup, as it was called then. Lovren. Plying. Sturridge. Henderson. Milner. It's been a long time, the team's been playing so well. Henderson, Milner. And a long last ten minutes or so of this for Stoke City, you feel. Wijnaldum. Moreno. It's tough, isn't it? John Walters walking through there. I'm sure he was dreaming of glory here at Anfield tonight after he'd scored that goal that would definitely disjoint it for a long period, Liverpool. But they've come on very strong and helped with some indecisive defending. Nicely done that time by Moreno, who did score in that 4-1 win in April. It's the last Liverpool goal. Milner. It can't be too much fun if you are a recognised player in one position and you lose your top spot to a versatility man. In some respects, but I mean, it's James Milner, he's already won a couple of league titles, he's trying to win one now, playing at left-back, he's just so dependable. Hard for Moreno. Sturridge. Kahn reclaimed it for Liverpool. Even defending in their own third is getting very difficult for Stoke City now. Awareness of mind as well as of body. Getting ready below me, Wilfred Bonny. He's a guy who was a big move to Manchester City a few years ago, to be really on the up. Terrific times. He's got a good line with Swansea. How Swansea could do with him now. It's funny, you know, the move back to Stoke, if you like, back down a ladder from the top six. Hasn't worked out. A great ball from Sturridge. Mane. Henderson, and a hit Sturridge. And then comes Moreno, throwing himself at it. Well... Hands on the head. For Sturridge, he smiles. Carved him open again, Mane, a little bit too far for him, but he holds up. Then just finds a lovely ball back, Henderson lets fly. Oh, Sturridge couldn't quite get it on target. And then the block comes in. Liverpool pressing, not settling for four. It's definitely been a policy, the short corners for Jurgen Klopp, another variety here, one that isn't quite rehearsed. Here comes Wolters. Back by Henderson. Not once but twice. Wow, a generous round of applause for the unfaithful. What a year he's had, Jordan Henderson. For sure, yeah. And to... Just captain Liverpool, that captain England when Wayne Rooney's not required. Well, generous for the former players here. The Liverpool folk. And again, pull the crouch. A rising ovation as he gives way to Rupert Bunnock. I don't know how much more we'll see of Peter Crouch, but it's been a pleasure not just watching him play the game, the way he's played the game, smiling his face throughout his career. Fondly remembered here, Manny Grounds. In England, still a bit of life in him. He did all right, you know, early on he was a real handful. ktoom you think it was? Xavi. APPLAUSE And £4 and Klavan out of the way... The goal conceded an irrelevant statistics. It seems like it was from a different game, doesn't it? Well put. Johnsen. to Northwold Ox right back position now a different game in the sense of Stoke changing their tactics really forced upon them Walters by Ben Johnson and Alberto Moreno well they tried something different Stoke and Liverpool were set a bit of a puzzle here on this extra bank holiday in the end they've solved it took them to the brink of half time to really feel good about themselves today a little bit of a stroll since then now on impossible I think two times but it bought Wan Family payment six in weeds and чи can see if such features entin two light going people search Јarog olduğîILL над whether to look over their shoulders or from front of them bring in defensively another draw today would have taken them into the top ten a fly Martin's in dick a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock Henderson similar colors unveiled here on Saturday Henderson Henderson a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock a little bit of possession stoke at least helps run down the clock when Manchester City arrive of course would love a similar scoreline if Chelsea were to beat Stoke points will be dropped here my team's two and three maybe both well there you go in three very important games we said beforehand come up really quickly dealt with the first one very well you could say there's nine points at stake the three games with that game you're talking about in the middle the Man City one and that's a six pointer for sure they can only do what they were asked to do tonight face from Chan loose ball here which Liverpool gather with Rinaldo Milner Oh Jurgen Klopp insisted Liverpool would not underestimate their task tonight there were signs that they had done the Stoke starting so well you have to applaud Liverpool the way they come back into it they did get a break and really struggling for a long period but I like the way when things started to go their way they capitalized goals spread about thank you it was making a lot of forward runs in the first 2025 minutes now I'm letting you know that really here in just about two weeks and it very much a defender I need all the defenders they can get to give liverpool more hangers oh allora so I believe that was two against two of the eye's probably not to give Liverpool good credit for that. Woke themselves up and eventually dominated the game. I'm hearing there'll be three added minutes on the board. and Christmas football, at the start at least, comes with no excuses of fatigue Liverpool haven't played for eight days, Stoke's last match was ten days ago but of course it does get more hectic from now on over the next couple of weeks crisp early evening up here in the North West Daniel Klein going to change with Adam Lallana Jordan Henderson taking over and now Klavan he's done well, started the first two Premier League games of the season his first season here of course then lost his place but has come back for the last two and pulled in well for the injured Matip he's indeed beaten by Munster and now he's gone there, Origi trying to take it on past Ryan Shawcross who came up with the answer great kick from Leograd Liverpool will try and set the early agenda here they have been sparkling to watch all in the Premier League in that respect but certainly up there as the top goal scorers Origi's chipped in in recent games trying to find Reynaldum good vision there from Origi Reynaldum had made a little bit of space as he ran towards the far post just probably needed a little bit less on the pass just for the record Stoke have never beaten Liverpool here in the top flight of English football three Anfield wins in the second tier back in the 1950s and Mark Hughes an outstanding Premier League manager at different clubs has never won here as a manager in the Premier League I see he ruffled a few Liverpool feathers in his playing days sure did that Shawcross, they've had it to Scampo you're correct they're playing with the three at the back so they're trying to keep the ball out wide Origi he's looking to get it in turn and bring the other lightning front players in with them difficult one for Stoke to try and adapt to this with the pace that this Liverpool team are doing things at played that by Mignolet for Liverpool Martin Zindi with the header and the purposeful work, typical work from Milner Tew for a bit slower to pick himself up Joe Allen down at Frank Oliver the referee gives him a free kick as Ajif was slow in getting up, he was slow to get to that ball I think Milner made it his and came from about five yards further he's given it away and Liverpool's sweeping forward Mane and I think the referee just checking with the assistant there was no touch off of Stoke's boot in the middle that's a waste of a free kick yeah poor play the ball makes its way in and I think he puts a really good cross out there hoping for a diving head or something like that a little bit too far ahead of him Stoke Mane the hero of course of the derby Liverpool fans have had a good week or so to rib the blue side of Merseyside Stoke in the lighter blue change strip here Allen who will try and support Walters and Crouch as the furthest forward of the five across midfield in front of the back three Peter Crouch did start the two Stoke games at the end of last season or the first part of the year January when they won here but lost on penalties in the end won the second leg it went to a penalty shootout Crouch actually wasted his penalty in that shootout and they tried to do the same again in the league game it didn't work out it was in April and Liverpool won 4-1 there's something in those couple of games that Mark Hughes has seen that makes him want to switch to this formation today here's Firmino Origi he had Firmino to aim for in the middle it's unusual for Liverpool it's a corner off Martins Indy Crouch will have his uses defensively as well and we've got two against one here now three against two Wijnaldum bit of a steer by Henderson went too bad well worked Milner did well with the short corner a little bit slow to get out there I thought it opened up nicely not a bad effort that's one Premier League goal this season was a special one that Chelsea has been a huge influence taking on that armband from Steven Gerrard taking on a role pretty similar to Gerrard's as well I have a bit of favouritism there but he's my favourite player because early on in his Anfield career question marks knew he'd come through just done it with style you sold him didn't you sort of seemed a good idea at the time mate Origi Wijnaldum I was meaning that as a compliment he did good business for Sandringham Football Club would love to have kept him for a couple of years but knew he was going to loftier pastures and Firmino lofty there he's going to be a bit difficult for Glenn Whelan he's got a free kick out of it there ain't so many blue shirts in there with the two playing up top I know there's three at the back but Glenn Whelan is very isolated there as that ball came in he has been really well Marquise looks out at it now you can see just out of a picture of the ball it's a three that's what he's got it's a three as he's got it it's a three and the ball is in the middle and it's a three and it's a three and it's a three and it's a three and it's a three and it's a three and it's a three just out of a picture actually Joe Allen making forward runs wanting to give them almost three up front at times so they can keep Liverpool occupied at the back and if they have to go long but there are players there that have a chance of receiving it for Stoke Mane Origi here's Clyne Mane just slowing it down for a moment and that's good allowing Stoke to regroup Henderson now Lovren Clyne 会 he wasn't in the mood to shoot get that down but lovin was a better reader of the trajectory lana waiting for clime for me now for henderson just too long it's milner had made the dart in from left back yes he had he goes into a good area jordan a little bit across himself but it was close good vision saw the run just overcooked well there's no doubt that chasing chelsea is the name of the game i also think the chelsea team is the best team in the world chasing the title most of the rest of the chasing pack won yesterday spurs don't play until tomorrow on by walters he chases again and towards both crouch and allen well claimed by minile assertive goalkeeping yes it was needed to be crouch was lurking in behind one back by alan he's just played it behind jonathan walters joe allen relishing the chance to play more regularly than he did certainly in the latter time his season as a liverpool player when alden i mean i couldn't quite get there good arigi and johnson trying to find a way out of the youth nicely worked by stoke and they're still going with alan to check back there weren't too many options for his left still remains a very well thought of by the liverpool supporters sure cross martin's ending the workhorse who is glenn whelan what's going on ticking over like a metronome season in season out yeah underrated undervalued quite onlookers but not so much the managers who he's worked for walters i could say the same of that really here's alan reduce crossing early one for crouch to fight for and knock it oh god that was a good one for walters and then he's got the ball to the right hand side of the net oh gold woods almost set up waters as well peters what a good boy it's not safe there's a great header and mini-lay can only knock it into the net and jonathan walters who grew up as an everton fan family of everton season ticket holders scored against liverpool here and the policy for mark hughes of playing two up top has started well not so well for minulae who put up an arm but only could knock it into the net oh peters does really well here as it makes its way back out crouch puts a good header you can see the intent of the stoke players they've got numbers in the box if it works its way out you'll see he manages just to have control of it doesn't really look up knows he'll get in there but in front of his man when it's loverin walters is so determined to get there you can see a little bit slow to get back to defender and minulae well it comes out of him pretty quickly but when he gets a strong hand to it you probably expect him to keep it out it's only the third league goal that stoke have scored at anfield in 40 years and the other two were consolations in heavy defeats including one by bojan here in april another one by paul bracewell in a 5-1 defeat back in 1983. well there has been some talk up here on merseyside now about liverpool big game at goodison big game here against manchester city on saturday this was sort of something that was going to slip in between and what about the priorities and the concentration yeah there's such a buzz up here the red half of the city you know this is a bread and butter three points to a lot of people but stokes resilience that contain teams like liverpool for a long many years now pull us originally mark hughes now and i think what's noticeable about them tonight is their ability to get players forward they're not sitting back they're not parking the bus they're having a right go here in a style that's altered but seems to be working so well for them big question mark now for liverpool to get back into this game already look forward to him by the line to get some treatment yeah i think he's going to crouch for the header i think ended up taking a knock to the nose you see it here as it loops in he comes out over crouch nice well then he's just headed back into the head of crouch and that's just a soul one for him lots to think about now one more look at the goal jonathan walters as reliable you know he's going to give you 100 performance but he also pops up to get good goals and his desire to get across his man but what about the goalkeeper is it it's obviously not strong enough an arm yeah and his position you may question as well a couple of things there but he'd also be able to ask at halftime why was walters allowed get such a free header but it was a terrific early cross it was that from eric peters that was the point and that's what you and your outstanding career will have appreciated the value of early crosses well absolutely he didn't have to look up did he he was in an awkward enough angle he did really well to put it in there and came as a bit of a shock i think to minnie lay when the header came goal would bound and lovren who'd let his man run and minnie lay between them don't get top marks for their defending but that's not it it's walters what a great goal for right over hills goal here Barouch it's hitting the net leave willy more the to the Tries to curl in the far top corner with a bit of pace. David Klopp likes to train his players a couple of days before matches at kick-off time. Yesterday was fine. They trained at 5 o'clock. The day before was Christmas Day. He was kind to them. He said, we can train at 11 and then go back to your families. Slight change, maybe psychologically, he could see an advantage in helping the players. But he'd be thinking at the moment, here's Peters crossing again. It's a corner for Stoke. Haven't scored too many heavy goals this season. Don't typecast them in that way. We used to do that, but now there's a lot more to them. Ability to knock the ball around nowadays. It's impressive. Decent strong side off the ball. Putting it in quite early now today. I think Crouch, Walter's already benefited from it. He'll be looking to get on the end of some of these crosses. He's got a lot of time to do that. He's got a lot of time to do that. Peter Crouch, incidentally, hasn't scored a Premier League goal since a famous win for Stoke against Liverpool. 6-1 at the back end of the season before last. So, 18 months ago. And that's the last Stoke goal scored in the Premier League by an Englishman. We don't count Jonathan Walters because he plays for you lot. He plays for you lot. We took him a long time ago. He was born about four miles from here. Here's Crouch. Whelan. Walters. Good stuff from Stoke. Tactically. Joe Allen. Still going. Turned aside by Mignolet. And then... A desperate foot. Belonging to Klavan. Stoke probably realised that... One. Particularly this one. Certainly at Anfield. It may well not be enough. Klein. Klavan. From a neutral point of view, it's really set it up here. The problem was that you look attractive and definitely connected with 2017 title Christians Nice. You throw away your strength. 530. This is great form to 530. What do you mean this is great? Danielle Rei perché... NoITY, Danielle Rei perquè... He's just really well. Jeff Walters, Makous and you some service, not the greatest ball through. eternal. You be dealt with by the little bit be mothers, but they miss it out. No. but they miss it out, and he gets onto it really well. Faints to shoot, it opens up from great save, and it's a half a yard away from a tap-in from Crouch. Peters whacks it back in, and Liverpool, well, they breed a sigh of relief. Eric Peters, the left wing-back in this formation, has made the goal, and then very nearly got one for himself there. Knocked down by Crouch, Liverpool in trouble again. It's as if Stokefield is the vulnerability back there in the Liverpool defence, and they're really trying to probe it. They're doing a really good job here at Anfield so far. Sure cross. Second attempt against Origi. Chance for Peters to go forward again. And do that. Liverpool pressing. And do that. And a little bit of help from Peters. Walters, tiny arm, Crouch, backing in. And holding Liverpool off. Tooth losing out. That's where Stoke might have a problem in these quick turnovers. Liverpool so good. They're good at getting quick counter-attacks going. The other side again. That was more the sort of player that he was in Liverpool's midfield. A good passer, but hustling and bustling in midfield. Stoke have used him further forward, and he's shan-an-eye for goal. Henderson. 20 minutes in. Four attempts each at goal. Surprising. And Stoke, obviously. Good line-up to Stoke, obviously. And it may be so bold as to suggest the best opening 20 minutes in a Premier League game so far in this set of fixtures. Yeah, it's been very exciting, hasn't it? There's real positivity in Stoke's play, and now Liverpool, who've been going along really well knocking it around in matches at pace, dictating things, they now have to dig a little bit deeper in this game. Perhaps they thought they might. Yes, and his games, of course, produce a lot of late goals. Firmino. He's got Origi. He certainly backed himself on the ball, Juve. And he got himself into a little bit of overindulgence then. Yeah, he gave it away a couple of minutes ago as well. It's something that, you know, it's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. It's a bit of a surprise. I think that, perhaps, is something that I'm sure our crews will be worried about. Remember, Saturday Pep Guardiola will be bringing Manchester City here. And a couple of days later, David Moyes of Sunderland take on Liverpool. Scouting going on in earnest. Here's Mane. Lallana got amongst the goals. And then it's Man City. Man City. And the three in his last three Premier League games, three in his last England games as well. Oh, that's good, that's where Mane's really good. Clever play, Lallana joins in, gets the shot away. Whelan does enough, but that's lifted a cup. May have been a hand there. Short corner again. Wijnaldum. Henderson on the half volley. Van. Henderson once more. Inviting Lovren to cross it. A good cross it was to Firmino. Off the line. Wow, that was close. A lot of people are saying that was in, I think it's... As he drops him. Back in play. Here's Mane. Here's Mane. Here's Wijnaldum. Liverpool getting close to your field. What a panicky... experience by... Juve. Once but twice, all hands to the pump for Stoke. And of course, the end of the last two. smoke cleaner Dirk de Jong. Heavy hands him right on. swellowski the disco. oftenي Devine the confidence carrying off Without going touem defense what the defense is. Neither designed you. Down out of embarrassment. On full alert came back. intention from. ickt good response now from Liverpool they needed to do this got themselves back into it they've had a couple of good minutes now they've got to build on that but knows the next goal is so important got to re-establish but they're the ones to dictate the pace of this game let's talk about a great 20 minutes don't do them any harm obviously they hope to for covers but a little bit of a disruption to the recent Liverpool momentum may not go and this I think they might be working out who is the best replacement if he has to go off and they've got Bonnie but I think they put him out there of course they've got Shaqiri Bojan more likely candidates maybe and they've got a full I was just come back he's not played this season could be his neck of the woods on the right-hand side he seems to be okay no major signals going over to the bench and important was saying everything's okay hand up this is on tackle that caused it back on love it he is happens again on two そんな look as big as when is 00 this last I I I I I 我也 a one of those where he becomes active when he pursues it the flag goes up a bit later than the crowd want yeah he made his way forward because he knew it was coming in early that's what Stoke were doing anytime it's come out wide they tried to whip it in in behind curl it in behind the Liverpool defense well it's just straight a little bit there asking some good questions of the Liverpool defense good tactic start bleeding in the 12th minute from Jonathan Waters got what seemed a strong hand too but it wasn't strong enough from Henderson England manager on duty as well of Adam Lallana Glenn Johnson of course was in a recent England squad and I wasn't able to take part in it because of injury it was a either or I think it was a call for the Stoke man maybe Peter Crouch is entertaining hopes a comeback comeback tonight in the Premier League certainly as a starter first time for four months Juve looking for Crouch but unable to find him you know a poor selection he's got to take that down on his chest develop something good play again lots of Stoke players going forward expecting the cross making it so it's such an intriguing game never walked from Marcuse and his management team and Jurgen Klopp maybe maybe not expecting this kind of approach long way to go he's got to be ready for the cross he's got to be ready for the cross he's got to be ready for the cross he's got to be ready for the cross he's got to be ready for the cross he's got to be ready for the cross and now he's contemplating passing it and now he's contemplating passing it towards かわい,そうそう and now he's contemplating passing it towards Nice and they call it a cut and they call it a cut it's about coming in it's about coming in it's a great it's about coming in it's about coming in it's a good thing I've had to time as I've had to trying as I've had to trying So I've had to trying I've had to trying as I've said earlier days of the last game to work on this formation the couch goes down but peters can take it on alan's waiting for our post and he couldn't slide it across to him one step stew has it this time surrounded by former teammates peters walters this is the stirring stuff from stoke city what a strange season no wins in their first seven games then five wins in their next seven games they come here three matches without a victory three most recent games they lead at anfield then crouch almost through for walters again milner now alana quijnaldum manet knocked off by imbula walters flick wasn't properly executed now alana and the final score the final score the final score the final score the final score the final score the final score the final score just oh Michael Oliver lousy advantage Peters just pulling it back towards Walters Joanne got his arms out again Liverpool relieved to see it cleared it's been an impressive wing back tonight he has been the Flying Dutchman down the left-hand side mentioned Tottenham complete this set of fixtures with a trip to Southampton Sky Sports 1 from 730 tomorrow in the tussle area with Mane Peters perhaps won the FA Cup this time as a Liverpool player took that in a Champions League final he's on 96 Premier League goals and says 18 months is the last one we have our hundred club on Sky Sports we're all ready Peter if you can do it the videotape if that's not too old-fashioned and expression ready in the selection of goals probably fitting to a fine career remember him way back QPR as a baby six foot seven baby remonstrates Stoke play on Henderson and his concentration back and then forced the pass frustration around Anfield at the moment yeah and you know this man's program notes he was urging the crowd to stay with the team it might take a while to get going and that's how it's panned out they're a little disjointed at times here this is not the festive fair that the fans were looking forward to and he's got work to do he's got to convince his players that they have to get the fans on their side because if he stands out and has Because the pressure is on Kiernan, he's got lots of effort and some downfall places with the ball and evil Adam Lallana, 11 minutes before half-time. The angle was tight, but he can solve those problems. He sure can. You know, I do think Stoke, and in particular Glenn Johnson, might have had a chance to clear this. Great play from Origi, that really sets everything up. Mane then keeps a cool head, looks up, waits for options, and as he puts it in there, it goes towards goal. Gets Glenn Johnson, he might have just fired his foot at that in the first-time clearance, and said it's as if he's tried to control it. Crowd are singing now, that's the response the manager wanted at that point there. Yeah, I think Johnson just has to clear it. First duty of the defender is to make sure the danger is averted. And Glenn Johnson, unfortunately, set it up nicely. And this man can celebrate. It's important for Mane. Mark Hughes has meant that they're not too deflated by that. They've certainly shown since getting their goal that they've got the capacity to get more. The game has played with the mind as well as with the feet. Plenty of misuse of the feet here. This is Joe Allen. This might slow Joe Allen down a little bit. He's been tigerish all game. See, Wijnaldum's hustling, but he goes in late. Yeah, I think referee has every right to put him in the book. I wonder if that will curtail him a little now. Where you go, do you need to do it there? That far up the pitch in a wide area. He thought he could get the ball, I'm sure. And Liverpool with their tails up at last. Yes! Milner. He's out of course very late. Premier League debut this season at the age of 33. Fourth goal, last four appearance. That's great stuff from Lallana. If it were gifted a little bit from Johnson, no matter. He was on the move, he was hungry, wanted something to happen and it came good for him. Yes! He's got such deftness in his play, which is often used for creating goals for others, but it produced a goal for himself then. He didn't get too much of the action in the derby. It was fast and frenetic in his area of the pitch. Here he is now. As Liverpool try and, you really would say, gain control. Tough going for them. I think because of some thoughtful strategy by Slokestead. Here he is again. And Klein's pass. And it's a hit over by Firmino. Brilliant play from Liverpool. One side of the pitch, sweep it across. And then the good ball that Klein plays in the path of Lallana. Nice ball back. Finish is just a little too high. Liverpool, the tails are up now. Just off the ground, wasn't it, when he made contact. Slider's bobble. Anfield is alive and making noise now. Allen. I do feel Stoke's best way of defending is to keep attacking. I think Lallana should pressed up adesso. Oops, is it aiming. Good that the assist from Napoli. Who am I talking in red appointed him that go ahead with the game. Lucchi to have conceded. Mané Now Fly They'd love to go in Liverpool with their noses in front at half-time A bit of a climb One goal behind but slope threatening as Niall says for more Firmino Milner can cross it with his left foot And Grant comes out And makes a good take 450th career league game and only 13 of them in the Premier League The last 13 That's great for him isn't it He's had a stellar career, not at this level Gets his chance and you know, looks the part He's done a good job With the transfer window approaching A reminder that There is plenty of talent sprinkled around English football But you can bet he's hoping for a permanent deal Jack Butland has had a terrible time in 2016 And injured playing for England and then Same ankle being damaged At the start of this season Out well by Johnson One, two, three, one, two, three, two Three, four, five, six, seven, eight And the first goal of the season And it's been a big one For Liverpool I think the wide players, the wing backs if you like Man Juve who's played in the Premier League as a central striker It's attacking the decision in itself rather than putting a Maybe a more conventional right back out there In this formation They press high again as they can do And of course an error from the back by Liverpool Henderson Henderson Origi Here's Clyde Mane Passed to Mboula He's run it out And that was very tight for Stoke and Mboula in particular Yeah he was Coming in to look like Close to committing an offense Absolutely Looks like he was going to come into a heavy challenge Mane's probably hoping for it He just steps back a little bit Doesn't go through with it And the dimensions of the pitch did the rest Mane's got eight Premier League goals Lallana seven now They've been showing them around with Liverpool That must be very gratifying to Jurgen Klopp That's a good one That's a very good one You know it's a one-man team And you think that Daniel Sturridge hasn't scored in the Premier League this season Here's Mane A little bit more time in the end than he thought Brian Shawcross with an indication that Stoke is starting to feel the pressure now They'll be happy to go in at 1-1 You feel that might not be the case Liverpool Pile forward Mane's out Out trying to come deep To help with defending Second ball's been picked up by Liverpool more and more often Lallana Liverpool really pressing now Looking to get a second report of going 81% possession in the last ten minutes The tide has turned Mind you, they had that at Burnley, didn't they, back in August, and lost. Klein. Origi. Klein might get to it. Petrus now very much part of a back five. Come on, mate. Origi. It's caught in that Liverpool one to play on because they've got Milner coming forward here. Origi still down. Michael Oliver having a look across to assess the situation. He sees Liverpool playing on and is happy to let them do so. And they're happy to do so because Firmino scores. By the narrowest of margins. Effectively when they were down to ten men is. But in the headlines. Today for the wrong reason. But he's making football news here. And Liverpool have turned it around. As one suspected they might do even before half-time. Yeah, they sure have. They've been knocking this last ten minutes. You'll see he's allowed turn. That's the critical bit here. As it gets played into him. You'll see, first of all, it comes to him. It's a simple enough ball, but he's allowed turn. It's that that sets things up. It's a half yard too slow. Shawcross in the initial instance. And that allows him to get his shot on goal. But he's done really well. It ain't that simple. The turn is one thing. It's on his left foot. He has to get it out of his feet. Near enough to him that the tackle can't come in. Well, it was precision, wasn't it? Off both posts. And a different half-time team talk than perhaps the one he was dreaming of 10, 15 minutes ago. Great moment. But when you've got goals in you. Even when things are a bit sticky. There are solutions as the coaches say these days. It's not the total solution here because they don't have it in them to come again. But what has been an excellent contribution from Mark Hughes' men in this first half. Looks as though it's going to see them going into the away dressing room training at the interval. Not long ago, Mark, we looked at four attempts each. Well, that's changed, hasn't it?