wearing their familiar all red strip, Manchester City bidding to win here in the league for the first time in 13 years and in doing so, go above Liverpool in the table. Good evening Steve McManaman, all the ingredients are out there for us tonight. Good evening mate, good evening everybody. Looking forward to hopefully what's going to be a fantastic game. The boos right at the start for Raheem Sterling, he's hoping for a more successful night here this season. He was taken off at half-time last season when City were beaten here, and he's won them a free kick for that challenge by James Milner, just outside the Liverpool penalty area. Yeah, that was a foul as well, too quick wasn't he for James Milner. He's eased off the ball, going to attempt to get the ball by James Milner, good position for Manchester City, whether it's Kolorov, whether it's Yaya, Kevin De Bruyne is there. Particularly when you're the away side as well Steve, isn't it? Great position there and it calms everyone down, you're playing in the opponent's half and they've got an opportunity here. Kevin De Bruyne hasn't scored since he rattled in that free kick against Barcelona in the Champions League. The left foot of Alexander Kolorov is also an early option here for Manchester City. Liverpool nine points behind Chelsea in the table, Manchester City ten points behind after Chelsea's win this afternoon against Stoke. It is Kolorov, the Liverpool wall. It's job and Milner was there to finish it off with a clearance. Yeah, he just didn't get it high enough the last time he saw Alexander Kolorov. He bent one in against Leicester, didn't he, a few weeks ago when they lost. It's Yaya Toure who will be needed more than I think Pep Guardiola anticipated now that Ilkay Gundogan is out for the rest of the season. The Liverpool midfield three is an interesting one today. It's the first time that... ...Chan, Henderson and Wijnaldum have started a game together since the defeat at Bournemouth at the start of the month. What it goes towards Aguero. Clavan back there. Still no Joel Matip for Liverpool. Liverpool haven't lost a match for the Cameroonian at centre-back this season but he's out with an ankle problem and Philippe Coutinho not quite ready to come back either. It's been a good fix of this one for Liverpool in recent seasons. They've won four of the last six league meetings. They've won four of the last six league meetings. The last ten matches between the pair have produced 37 goals and Liverpool's form is rock solid. One defeat in 20 matches in all competitions. City have won their last three following the 4-2 defeat at Leicester three weeks ago. City have won their last three following the 4-2 defeat at Leicester three weeks ago. There's one slight difference here. You can see the ball here with De Bruyne. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's been so consistent at left-back for Liverpool this season. It's going to be an interesting battle between those two, Raheem Sterling and James Milner. You would suggest that Raheem Sterling must be confident enough to go past James Milner, with the fact that James is not, as you rightly said, an orthodox left-back. And the speed of Raheem Sterling, you must fancy it tonight. And that would be something for Manchester City to think about. And that would be something for Manchester City to think about. You can see Milner trying to get tight early. tight as possible every time he doesn't want still into vanity so for me there'll be space in behind him in that in that area for city you know they want a couple of titles as a Manchester City player Raheem Sterling who spent five years here and would love to make a big impression here that's Anfield tonight Nathaniel Clyde now Dejan Lovren Simon Mignolet continues in goal for Liverpool it's his fourth successive start in the Premier League he's kept two clean sheets and conceded one goal since coming back in to replace Loris Karius and he's got a big shot at the top of the net Jurgen Klopp who said he didn't go to the Etihad to watch Manchester City because he sees it better at home better than standing up and taking selfies throughout the match Klopp who will be in charge of his 50th Premier League match at Sunderland on Monday you you considering the throw in there to Manchester City was a good initial press from Sergio Aguero and the goalkeeper Mignolet his tour right now John Stones who lasted 18 minutes in City's last match against Hull he's recovered well fit to start alongside Otamendi in the City back four tonight back four tonight back four tonight quickly joined there by Henderson you hear the Anfield crowd as well respond to that didn't as the first time you saw a bit of Liverpool's good pressing you see them now the red shirts hunger for that ball Klavan Head and net is Klavan is that Lallana then now Emre can only change made to the Liverpool team the one that Pete Stoke yeah the last match now Milner to Aguero by guy Crack First Raw bite thought Listen remain mobile back really short lands are going to call ball by James Milner Nice touch by Aguero, he knew he was coming. Had to bring him down, wasn't he? It was an easy decision for Craig Pawson. Up towards Aguero, who can glance it on towards De Bruyne. James Milda was in the way for Liverpool, but City have got the free kick again. That was Claven again. It wasn't a yellow card, of course not, but... There you go. Didn't look like a foul, did it? It looked worse than it was. He gets a kick on his knee. Just before that, the ball from De Bruyne, he's tried to play one round the corner for Sterling, and he had oceans of space there, it was a shame. Couldn't release him, he was away. But he's got it. He's got it. Yaya Toure over the Manchester City free kick. Kolorov was looking for Fernandinho. Liverpool have got it back again here with Firmino. And now Lallana. Lallana playing slightly further forward for Liverpool tonight. In it goes, it's a good chance, it's a good header, and it's the perfect start for Liverpool, and it's Jorginho-Wijnaldum with a bullet header. APPLAUSE Brilliant Liverpool goal, brilliant counter-attack. All stemmed from Yaya Toure's free kick. Why he's choosing to flip a ball out to Alexander Kolorov, I will never know, he's got all kinds of players in front of him. Liverpool played really quick, no pressure on the ball. What a ball that was, what a ball that was. Gio Wijnaldum comes running onto it, bang, have some of that, right in the bottom corner, one, then Liverpool. That's a wonderful goal, isn't it, Steve? But no pressure, as you said, Zabaleta's got to get tight early on Lallana, who's got that ability to create off his right or his left foot. And, you know, Klopp's delighted, what a start. Well, it's Jorginho Wijnaldum's second goal for Liverpool. It maintains this record that all of the goals he's scored in English football have been scored at home, all the goals he got for Newcastle were scored at St James' Park, and the two goals he's got for Liverpool have been scored here. It's the first time Liverpool have really ventured forwards, Pep Guardiola must be going crazy... ..in his technical area. There's Kolorov coming forward the other way, though, for Manchester City, he can squeeze the cross in, but Mignolet was down there to claim it. It's the worst possible start for Pep Guardiola, but in the matchday programme today, Jürgen Klopp was talking so positively about the impact that Wijnaldum's had on the Liverpool squad, particularly in the dressing room, who said that they've really taken to him the Liverpool players, and he's become a key component in this Liverpool team. He runs off the ball, Fletcher, and that's what he did there, he worked off the back of the midfield, Firmino was deeper, actually, he was the centre-forward at the time, and what a header, though. APPLAUSE He's got the all-important touch so far for Liverpool, who have got a goal inside the opening ten minutes to settle them down on a big night here at Anfield. Two sides with two goals. That's the title aspirations. Here's Aguero, good run, looking to try and bend it in with the outside of his right boot. Lovely fake by Aguero. There's the goal again. That's a really sloppy ball, and that was a sloppy pass by Alexander Kolarov, and that's it then, Liverpool are breaking. One simple pass for Firmino, Milano picks the ball up, it was 30-40 yards without any contact. Puts it on a plate for Wijnaldum. 19 seconds from Jaya, taking it to the ball ending up the back of the net. That's the 87th league goal that Liverpool have scored in 2016. And last time they got more than 87 was in 1982. They really have been the team for goals, it's been a feature of Liverpool under Jurgen Klopp, and it means that City of England, and the City of England have got to come from behind, as they did against Arsenal in their last pre-Christmas match, when they fell behind early in that one against the Gunners, but dragged themselves back into the game. Of course that one was at the Etihad, it's an entirely different story here at Anfield, where Liverpool have been so hard to beat, and they've not lost a home game in the league since last January, and they've not lost a game at all at Anfield this season so far. For what it means that Liverpool now can take their time, and pick them off, like they did on the goal, they broke quickly, it was sloppy play from City, give it a ball away in the middle third, and you pay the price, and they'll look to do that again and again, if they can just pinch it off City and break on them. They're going in behind as well, they've got runners going in behind that City defence. By David Silva. There's Aguero, coming across there for Liverpool, who's performed pretty well, hasn't he, alongside Lovren with... Matip out, that real signs that he's settling into the Premier League, player that Jurgen Klopp got in the summer from Augsburg. Here's Pablo Zabaleta, you can see the results from this afternoon, crawling through the bottom of the screen at the moment, another win for Chelsea, another defeat for Swansea as well, big win for Burnley today, all of those stories and scorelines will be discussed with Jake and the team on Premier League tonight, from 8 o'clock on BT Sport 1HD. It's a game, this one, that pits together the highest scoring home team in the Premier League this season, Liverpool, and the highest scoring away team in Manchester City. Lada works it through here to Emre Can, and Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, but... Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, but... Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, on that ball forward from Chad, but... Kolarov was back there to tidy things up for Manchester City. There's Fernandinho, and now Sterling, manages to wriggle away from his England team-mate Lallana, and then the England captain, in two of the last three internationals, Jordan Henderson across to make the tackle for Liverpool. Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, he's come out of that central position, and you can do that when you're deep on the ball. He's read the situation, come out, made his tackle, and then goes back into that central role now. There's Toure. Manchester City have dominated the early possession, despite the fact that Liverpool have the lead through Wijnaldum's header. Yeah, Liverpool are certainly allowing Manchester City to have possession in this area for them. You see Jurgen Klopp is more than happy just telling us play is to shuffle across the field, but he doesn't want them going hunting the ball there. The fact that they've gone one-nil up as well, it's a major advantage to play that way. Two coaches, who bring so much anticipation whenever you see their teams play. It's the first time that Guardiola's managed in a match here at Anfield. He did play here for Barcelona in the UEFA Cup semi-final back in 2001, which he lost. But I know he's been really looking forward to pitting his wits against Jurgen Klopp. Two men who know each other very well from their time in the Bundesliga. Two men as well, Steve, who will feel going into 2017 they can have a real say when those big trophies get handed out at the end of the season. Very much so, very much so. Liverpool, of course, still in the League Cup, the EFL Cup and the semi-finals, they've got that to look forward to. But fighting on all fronts, certainly in the league, now in the FA Cup, coming up next week. FANS ROAR Forward by Fernandinho, then on by David Silva. Claverne there to clear it for Liverpool. Here's Firmino, who gets that little bit more freedom, playing as the Liverpool false nine. Now Mane can have a run at Otamendi, and the help arrive in the shape of Kolarov, and Liverpool get the corner. Yeah, that's an area, isn't it, behind Kolarov as well. Not the quickest skips inside Otamendi. He gets across in the end to do the business, Kolarov, and clear his lines. FANS ROAR Liverpool have sent both centre-backs into the City penalty area for the corner. And he's sent Dejan Lovren, the last goal he scored on this ground was that never-to-be-forgotten one against Borussia Dortmund last season. Goes in towards him, Otamendi away, here's Wijnaldum. Now Clyde. Lallana just accelerated in behind Sterling. Now that's that ball they're prepared to search out, aren't they, Liverpool, today. You see them normally build up feet to feet, and today they're prepared to put that ball diagonally and have runners in behind. Yeah, look at the run from Lallana. Lovely little run there, just couldn't bring it down, but four or five times now they've turned City pretty easily. And now, the first goal of the season for Liverpool. And it's Sadio Mane, and now Chan. At the moment, Manchester City are finding it virtually impossible to play out from the back. We've seen Claudio Bravo go a lot longer at the restart than we're used to seeing it. But you have to do that, Fletcher, surely, don't you? When the goalkeeper's got a goal kick, if you can, you push right up and make him kick the ball. They haven't got a tall front line. So invariably you'll get the ball back, and that's what he's just done, Claudio Bravo. And that's what he's done. And that's what he's done. That's what he's done. ively. There's Milner, and now Chan. First try and hit it straight at Raheem Sterling. Although Wijnaldum can dispossess! Yaya Toure and it's Adam Lallana who has already shown his danger from this side with the cross that led to the Wijnaldum goal. Milner will cross it this time, it's another interesting ball. And Kolarov had moved into the right position to head it away. City will look to counter Sergio Aguero gives chase back there in anticipation to clear it there's always going to be an interesting tactical battle between these two tonight Glen wasn't it but at the moment the shape of Liverpool is is dominating the match early on very much so I think you know Klopp showed his hands there by putting Chan in there and they've got a three right across there Henderson sitting shield in the center halves they've got a nice balance in that midfield and I think that's where they've really dictated the play and they're allowed City to have the ball in these areas as long as the distances they've always got a red shirt up against them and they've got a wall of red and tactically at the moment you got to say Klopp's got it right you're more than happy for Otamendi or John Stones to be the free men aren't you with the ball let them have the ball all game if you want you're more than happy for Otamendi or John Stones to be the free men aren't you with the ball let them have the ball all game if you want you with the ball all game if you want let them do that let them do that suits Liverpool down to the ground as long as De Bruyne or David Silva or Aguero don't get it in danger areas but let the centre defenders have it it's Kevin De Bruyne who was the the furthest player forward for Manchester City at Hull he played through the middle to all intents and purposes with Aguero out suspended Sadio Mane given away to Toure given away to Toure now Kevin De Bruyne... Sterling now Kevin De Bruyne... Sterling fold every move every move that's going to be a test isn't it first roling he's gonna make sure that the he's gonna make sure that the crowd don't get to him every time he touches it crowd don't get to him every time he touches it the boing him he's at a the boing him he's at a forest cross thereних ita but there's still suites kind of a He's got to be really strong mentally now. He's scored months in his last 14 games for Manchester City as well, Raheem Sterling, although that was the winner that the Yeti had against Arsenal. Slip in by Nicolas Otamendi. That's Sadio Mane. It's his penultimate game for Liverpool tonight before he jets off to join Senegal at the Africa Cup of Nations. Liverpool's top scorer this season as Lallana is caught offside. He's also on the shortlist, Sadio Mane, for the African Player of the Year. He's tight that, Glenn, just about. He should have left it, actually, for Firmino, but because he's looking at the linesman, he hasn't raised his flag yet. He thinks he's OK. It's a clever run, though. He's just... He's fast, hasn't he? He's held it, he knows he's got to go square first, and as a defender, that distance between you and him, you know you're just hoping that he's veered offside, which he had done. It goes towards Aguero, who is offside this time. Just started too early off the back of Lovren. Yeah, he was, wasn't he? Talk about those runs, Glenn. We see the Liverpool players make off the back of defenders here. That was such a problem for Manchester City in both games last season, in the league, at the Etihad, where Liverpool won in the game here as well, making the runs off the back of defenders, a very square Manchester City defence last season. It's a little bit more flexible this season, but it worked for them before, didn't it, Liverpool? Yeah, it did, and today they're doing it from a bit more distance. That was on the edge of the 18-yard box last year, when they broke them down. There's Lallana. Zabaleta able to slide it away. Given away, though, by Sterling to Firmino. Some really good balance there, Firmino, to keep the ball, and then Zabaleta arrives to run it back. The Liverpool fans were paying for a free kick, but Craig Poulsen happy to let that go. Yeah, he let him play advances, and he was right, actually. Early on, if he would have stopped, he probably would have got the foul, but the fact that it continues and continues... Milner for Chan. Chan was difficult to move off the ball, but couldn't quite find Milner with the return ball. They've been a bit tight with the back recently, Manchester City. Two clean sheets in their last three matches, after one in the 17 before that, but that back line has been breached by Wijnaldum for Liverpool. That's a foul by Fernandinho. And Adam Lallana. I think he's going to let this go, isn't he? It was a foul, wasn't it? I don't think every foul is a yellow card. I think you can't get carried away with the atmosphere, the noise. Otherwise it would be seven against seven in an hour's time. I wonder how many goals there'd be between these two on a pitch this size, seven on seven. So Jordan Henderson and James Milner over the Liverpool free kick. There's Lovren, who's gone forward. Claven is in there as well. So is... Emre Can. It's a high line that's being held there by Manchester City. It's Milner's delivery in towards Lovren. And the goalkeeper, Bravo, elected to punch it, under pressure there from Firmino. Why didn't he just catch it? This is unbelievable. He's way above the attacker. Just catch it. And the punch is poor. He's actually broke his elbow to go and punch it. Look. Straight arm, punch it away. 30 yards. You should be punching that. It's awful goalkeeping. And they've got away with it. Liverpool looking to work their way in again. Wijnaldum's ball has floated out of play. This is interesting here, in fact. They're looking to play out. Look, he plays long. And you just... If they don't win the ball, they're very open, City. Every time they play the ball long from a goal kick, sometimes if you're going to play it long, let your back four get together. Maybe impress up. So, Willy Caballero, who's on the Manchester City bench tonight. So, three penalties in the League Cup final shootout. Last season. He was the hero that day, but only a substitute for them today. Claudio Bravo started the last 16 Premier League games in a row. Here's Lallana. And now Wijnaldum, who's going to let one go. Just opened up a little bit for him, didn't it? Just outside the Manchester City penalty area. Yeah, that was really nice, that, by Liverpool. Intricate play before the pass to Wijnaldum. Just went for the sheer force, didn't he? But it was nice between Camino and Mane. There we go again. It's OK when it becomes a dead play. When it becomes a set play, you get... You get your shape back in again. But if you are going to play that long, if that drops to Liverpool, they've got an open pitch to play in in the taxis tonight. So, Lucas among the Liverpool substitutes. Not a speculation about him leaving Anfield in the January transfer window. Into Milan, apparently one of the clubs interested in taking him. It's his tenth season here at Liverpool. Here's David Silva. Now, Yaya Tora. Lallana was in there quickly. Fernandinho was supporting him, though. Forward by Kolarov. It's just not been that invention, fluidity and accuracy around the Liverpool penalty area that we're used to seeing from Manchester City when they've got the ball, Steve. Yeah, but we said before, the fact that Liverpool are 1-0 ahead now, they've got it in a nice shape. And it's the back four of Manchester City who've got most of the ball, not the players who they want to have the ball. Mane plays it out here to Milner. Lallana and Firmino have taken up places inside the Manchester City penalty area. Cham back out to Milner. Now Mane. Away by Sabaleta. Milner was there, though, to pick up the pieces. And then play a lovely ball through towards Firmino. Firmino. Who couldn't quite gather it. The pass, though, from Milner was sublime. The pass was amazing. The touch was terrible. This is easy for Firmino, this. That should have been quite comfortable to control. See, eyes on the ball. It's a great opportunity for him. As he gets that down, it could be 2-0. What a ball from Milner, though, in the split second as well. One pass just takes them all out. The City defenders. Mane, which is quick to kick. Sade Mane spins away and then was caught by Toure, no foul, though, Craig Paulson was really close to that one. Silva's ball towards Aguero. Aguero was already expecting a flag from the assistant. ...wasn't he? He was offside. If anything, he did well, because now Liverpool have got a throw-in right in the corner there. Isn't that an advantage, though? The offside is the offside, he's offside, put the flag up, you've got free kick 30 yards further up. I don't get it. That's what Milner wants. See, Milner wanted those. Yeah, exactly. James Milner discussing that with the assistant Peter Kirkup and I think making exactly the same point that you raised Glenn there's another heavy touch from Roberto Firmino scored his first Liverpool goal against Manchester City last season actually scored in both of the league matches Torre too strong for him this time and then away by Otamendi Henderson wins it in the air as does Mane Wijnaldum to Lallana Firmino's on the run here's Emre Can Wijnaldum's made a run into the penalty area Mane's in there as well and Can saw that top corner himself and then couldn't quite get the ball to curl around quickly enough you see what he had in mind poor defensive error by John Stones Otamendi got in his way he always knew he wanted to open his body up just didn't shift him far enough Firmino was up early there against Stones and then Lallana with a foul on Zabaleta Guardiola's problem here Glenn at the moment is trying to get his match winners his game changers on the ball we've hardly seen De Bruyne or Aguero and the flag's up against Aguero again here we've seen him just be veering offside three or four times now and the ball's coming from a distance they can't get the ball into for me I'd swap put David Silva in there now Kevin De Bruyne isn't really on the ball put him out wide let him get a bit of ball and put David Silva in behind and see if that works at the moment they can't thread a little ball through to Aguero it's coming from distance all the time it's a really hard ball Glenn isn't it from Otamendi to ping one over the top to Aguero who's quite isolated up there Savio Mane Firmino had just ghosted him behind Mane wanted to go himself Zabaleta was there for City now Chan Kevin De Bruyne was there and then Silva with the ball that Aguero can chase but Mignolet was he was waiting for it outside his box and it had to be really comfortable in possession to deal with it one or two hearts and mouths as Anfield with that one Misskills only just two surface estás is the best for Theo Bruno actionable they could have done a booking you see there another situation of the city of finding it hard today which is unusual to do the simple things right it's four or five passes simple things the goal is an example this is the uh a little bit of risk but what are you thinking there glenn if you're a manager well he's got no other option he's took his touch the ball's in your heart's in your mouth but you just hope the goalkeeper's got a he lost the flight of the ball that was the thing over the top he ran towards the ball and then had to run backwards oh doing the okie-cokie around the penalty box glenn glenn gave us the clean version not what he actually would have said the broider runs into a solid challenge there from clavin zavaleta with the challenge then on lalana his torre torre just caught it's gonna be a city free kick i just saw a couple of examples there the bruno what he time on the ball we couldn't see what was coming in behind him lalana then closing torre they really at him anytime there's a possession for city they've got to work hard in that middle third there to create anything and you see this now he's taking a free kick but the event is up going backwards they can't get to bruno they can't get silver goalkeeper's got the ball now from having a free kick on the edge sorry on the halfway line what's he going to do now it's that ball out to collar off again and he brings liverpool to throw it stone sends it forward clavin who is back pedaling from a firm header away marnie going to put a bit of pressure on collar off who decided not to take a chance and now he's got the ball to winelda silver gives it away this time to winelda they're not past the ball well at all have they city which is such a trademark of any tech guardiola team here's milder and now henderson you you you you you have a good chance of Pep Guardiola now isn't it see what he does well we 35th minute we're getting into haven't really offered anything Manchester City yet you chance of adam lalana what clever run that was from lalana to come around the front of you you you you you you you you you you you you you Wijnaldum with a little flick that was anticipated by Stones. The ball finds its way here to Raheem Sterling. Again, though, the only route for Manchester City was to go backwards. If you're Liverpool, you're happy with this, aren't you? Manchester City taking chances. The Liverpool crowd urging them on with this press to keep the pressure on City at the back. Claudio Bravo has just played a six-yard pass to Otamendi, so what's Otamendi going to do with the ball? He's only got one option, to boot it as far away from his goal as possible. Not sure whether you saw Claudio Bravo calling for reinforcements, not sure what he does see Guardiola to change it. Well, his team's not functioning anywhere near how he envisaged to play. He's been offensive, he's put an attacking team out, but they haven't really had the ball. He's got to change something, whether it's personnel or the shape of the team. Maybe, as I said, David Silva in behind to get him involved more. Fernandinho, and then Toure to Silva. Kolarov can come forward now from left-back. Mane was across there and so was Clyne, he could finish off the tackle. Fernandinho. Zabaleta, space out wide here for Sterling. And it's a good one for Mane. And it's a good one for Mane. It goes outside of Milner, cross took a deflection off the Liverpool left-back, but made it straight forward for Mignola. He just needs to be a bit quicker, Raheem Sterling, he received the ball, he was one-on-one with Milner, and he had a couple of shimmies in sides which allowed a couple of more players to get back in position. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Given away by Lallana this time, it was well spotted by Fernandinho. Here's Sterling. Claven comes across, Fernandinho is determined. So given as a foul by Kolarov. And Sadio Mane. He was always going to fall over, wasn't he? Don't forget, we've got plenty of FA Cup football coming up for you at the weekend. Manchester United against Reading. Japstan back at Old Trafford, that's at midday on Saturday. BT Sport, 2-HD and 4K UHD. And then Preston versus Arsenal from 5 o'clock, that's on 2-HD and 4K UHD as well. Liverpool in action in the third round on Sunday from 1 o'clock, they're against Plymouth. And then Cambridge United against Leeds United on Monday night from 7 o'clock. That's on 2-HD and 4K UHD as well. Did you say Jax-tan was going back to England? I did, actually, yeah. Yeah. He's got a good version. Trust you. Here's Toure. Otamendi up to Silva. We've only really seen David Silva in these deeper positions so far in the match. Almost 38 minutes gone. There he goes. Millner away. There's Toure. Zabaleta. Sure that Guardiola wants to try and get De Bruyne and Silva on the ball around the Liverpool penalty area. There's not been much in the way of support so far for Agüero. Zabaleta, now Toure. Stones to Silva. Now Sterling. Milano was back there helping Milder out. David Silva. Alexander Kolarov, can drive one in. Lots of pace on the cross, but not the accuracy. It's gone out, in fact, for a Liverpool throw. That's the positions where David Silva's got to get himself, I think, in and around these positions. In the centre of the pitch, he picks out the best ball that City's had all day. Kolarov just doesn't catch it right, as he's trying to cut across it for the far post, but that's where I think David Silva's got to play today. It's just been a slightly better pitch, but it's been a bit of a period, though, hasn't it, the last five minutes or so for City in terms of having the ball? You just need more than that, don't you? We're 40 minutes in. Just having the ball is certainly not enough. But, yeah, it'll give them some sort of foothold, it'll get some of the players, the David Silvers, the Kevin De Bruyne, get them a feel of the ball a little bit. Kevin De Bruyne is going searching all over the field trying to get a touch. Sometimes when you're playing in that position there, you've got to come square of the ball sometimes, or even behind the ball. No-one can pick you up then, unless you get on the ball and you're facing play. He's been in front almost like a second centre-forward and no-one can find him at the moment. Come a bit deeper and get the ball. There's John Stones. Now Otamendi, Silva... He wanted the free kick there, he felt he was caught by Nathaniel Klein, Craig Pawson didn't agree with him. It's a Liverpool throw-in. Regardless, it was a poor ball by David Silva, the ball was on, wasn't it? The man was there. A way by Henderson. City have come into this match on the back of three successive wins, winning three games on the trot for the first time since they won the first six in the league to start the season. They've found it hard though so far to find a way through this Liverpool team. Mignolet has had very little to do in the Liverpool goal. Given away by a tour-writer, Firmino. They've given away to Kevin De Bruyne, now this might be a promising position for City. De Bruyne with the ball on his left foot, and the ricochet then almost took it through to Sergio Aguero, in the end though, City have to settle for the corner, but just opened up a little bit there for the first time for De Bruyne. You see Clavin, can't touch him otherwise, he's off the field, so he sort of jockeys him, shows him inside, he's too quick, Kevin De Bruyne, he just doesn't catch it, does he? In the end, Clavin gets a good block on it. Ironically, De Bruyne's got on the ball from a mistake from a Liverpool player, it wasn't created by City, was it? He was on his weaker side as well, wasn't it, as he looked to get the shot away. There was the corner from De Bruyne, flipped away from Stones, who was running in. Zabaleta. Sterling. Silver towards Aguero, and David Silver again. It's been a real containing job from Liverpool since they got the goal, and they've not committed too many bodies forward, they've just plugged the gaps and made it hard for City to break them down. Yeah, considerant. You mentioned Simon Mignolet before, having a quiet first half, to a certain extent, Claudio Bravo has as well, he hasn't had to make any saves, Liverpool got the goal, great goal as it was, and have been quite content to sit back and hopefully hit Manchester City on the counter-attack. There's Kolorov, now Otamendi, we've seen a little bit more of Kolorov getting forward from left-back for City, that's given away though by Tuchel, and Tore, having Lallana, he's offside. I think the moment Roberto Firmino played the pass, he knew it. Yeah, he was offside. They waited for Yaya to receive the ball, and he went Lallana, didn't he, there, caught him, there. Should have hit him, should have given him it half a second before. I don't think Lallana could have held his run any more than he did. Firmino needed to just read it quickly and give it first time almost, after he won the pass, but a great closing again. Picking them off in that central midfield, and breaking. Lallana's looking to swing it through there towards Sadio Mane, Nicolas Otamendi was there for City, here's De Bruyne, a rare pocket of space for him to receive the ball, and that's nicely done from Sterling, and then Claven came across, the last touch off the England winger, and it's a Liverpool goal kick, and more... frustration there for Raheem Sterling. He did well, Claven, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, I think it was a corner, let's have a look. I think it was a corner, let's have a look. Maybe he came off as a sock of Raheem Sterling. It was better from City though, it was a beautiful ball into De Bruyne, a beautiful touch, gets turned and plays Sterling in almost two, three passes, and that's the first time they've broke quickly on Liverpool, they've got to do that more. And that's the first time they've broken quickly on Liverpool, and that's the first time they've broken quickly on Liverpool,