whether Jose Mourinho will just put Wayne Rooney out there. On the edge of that record I think Michael Carrick was out of sorts in the first half, I don't know if it's an injury he certainly wasn't himself. Wayne Rooney's come on in number 10 position, Pogba and Herrera will flatten up in midfield and play as a two. Pogba given no time well so far it's been Merseyside's day but it could change by a Liverpool lad he's never been afraid, Jose Mourinho, to make early changes in games again here's Milder by Mkhitaryan, the assistant hanging on the far side he's a blind, he's the only person one way, just follows through a little bit and he does, just do it Mkhitaryan Carvin to take the free kick Jones to meet it from Manchester United and Ibrahimovic only running off him Lovren Lovren Nerbily back up in the air Rolando to unit Oh first time show this strong running trouble United at the back Away from all the simple principles an old-fashioned thing to say but where you sent a forward looking to occupy Make it difficult for the centre-back. He certainly did not leave As I've seen them in the last couple of months for home Jones The lens here to Abraham Valencia again In Herrera The beam the sense the anxiety from the old traffic crowd misplaced pass from Herrera and Liverpool following that push forward with the four Moving to vodka Reggie Nick on that and it's a corner We were out to tell when it's gonna go and nestle in that top corner got a deflection of Bill Jones It's a good break from the pool Manchini to quickly who's who's gonna pick up Lovren It's going to be Paul Pogba or is it way really Is it none of them the moment is free? Liverpool setting up so that Clive and is the screen really so Lovren can Let club and barrel into United and Lovren can peel away She Julie does She makes the ball Interesting but strange tactic Paul Pogba is standing three or four yards off lover and as if to say I'm gonna run at you with it I have to say not conventional way to mark on corners Usually say the body to body see where Pogba is waiting for him to come out. That's obviously something to discuss After sex a strange tactic Always say be body to body be man against man don't let him run I'm trying to get a corner out of this Take it himself Under hit And I dealt with it in their post Dominic and E�를 F sheets Everybodygres I wantt to follow the ball And Brown You know Too Very zig It's in love Empires and 義 orian the whistle was blown there's the mini lay there up, starting blocks, go towards the edge of that six yard box, that space is his that's not bad, they have us to be left at 2, did the job by Jones, Martial, again Lovren's clearance has more height than distance and he's got a good shot, and it's a good shot he's got a good shot, and it's a good shot 3, 2, 1, GO! the noise that Jose Mourinho has been calling for, starting to materialise here Lovren jumping with Ibrahimovic he's back to him again, he was hoping that someone was running in behind there, maybe Rooney probably should have been, I think when Rooney heads that back towards Ibrahimovic he may just make them bend, he's running behind he's got a good shot, he's got a good shot, he's got a good shot Martial might get to this first last-hand descent just a slip and into the Martial 3, 2, 1, GO! Rojo gets it down, can't carry the ball forward frenetic at the moment here's Lallana obviously, thanks for Liverpool since the resumption anyway, he was struggling with that back pass in the first half he was a bit more decisive this time he was more decisive, more positive probably his worst moment of a very good first half, that one where he did half-blowing really against Ibrahimovic on that 50-50 oh by Rooney because their knowing things then he got it under control hey, good number he's just out of range as a countergouge but the team are doing just great Lacoste, I think wideWell patches up exactly we're going to watch and watch what the men are going to do will be practical because of their defensive mindset there's Zaida why is he still giving goals to the team A little bit of inexperience again, caught by Martial. And they might be heavily punished here, because it's Mkhitaryan bearing down on goal! And neither Martial nor Riri could touch it into the net. There was too much weight on it for Mkhitaryan, he had to play it across slower, he fires it across, he needs to roll it past... Mignolet, he gets caught, the young boy at right-back. And the counter-attacks there, it's a good first touch by Ibrahimovic, Milner's caught forward, and he doesn't need to put too much weight in it, roll it across. And a drive from Damian that's led to this corner. I have to say, they have big chances, United, big chances. The Manchester Reds trying to rouse themselves here. Jordan Harris, I think, speaking up for Alexander-Arnold, suggesting he might have been fouled, but it didn't. Looked like a foul from our angle. Plojo going to the near post. Here comes Mignolet, that's the punch. He should catch. Jones mindful of being caught. Firmino in the first half, not a good kick by De Gea this time. Alana cleverly traversing that to Chan. And Mignolet, thinking that Origi might get there. Valencia, that was a controlled distribution by De Gea, did fantastic. So composed so far. Again. And from Damian, met by Lovren. And here's Henderson. FOOTBALL GAME FOOTBALL GAME FOOTBALL GAME FOOTBALL GAME FOOTBALL GAME FOOTBALL GAME Team It's a real scrap at the moment... It feels like it's getting more important this game, the tension's building... Pogba. The sense of slightly more self-control in the second half. Miranda Herrera. What about... Unable to intervene. Really unable to keep it. Miranda Herrera is working really hard. He's really on the run. Oh! That fight might have an angle on it, and Mignolet was able to deal with it. There's some danger late sometimes, Clive, and if the run's going behind him, he can act again there to Wayne Roonis. Interesting how the players there were feeling when Mignolet hung on to the ball. There was an incident in a European game at Anfield where he was penalised for that, and it cost a goal. And infringing that never-used law. Rarely-used law. Can't blame him. He wasted a little bit of time and just slowing the game down a little bit. Dianne with the throw. Rojo. FANS SHOUT OUT ROJO! FANS SHOUT OUT ROJO! There's a picture again, but now Herrera unable to pick out Valencia. And Vettori and Vestworld to win it back. This is what Liverpool have got to contend with now. Authentic Old Trafford atmosphere, and Manchester United trying to look like the authentic club that won these 13 Premier League titles. It hasn't been easy in recent seasons to stamp that image on their performances. Here's Martial. And Liverpool play to deal with the threat. He wasn't comfortable in his left foot, Martial. And Lina ran into trouble. Rooney. And Herrera also preferring to use the right. Slipping away by Klavan. Liverpool at the moment struggling to find a way out. And now they're getting stronger, I think Liverpool need to move into counter-attack mode. Mkhitaryan. And no-fire, so it's left to Oliver. And now it's a three-way. I guess it's been one way they've looked to work the ball up the field out to Origi. That's United's throw. Last couple of minutes, Liverpool have sugar to get out. Liverpool getting pressed back. Carroll sensing that. And this is all from under Herrera to Valencia. Still going. It's over Rooney. Firmino. Knows him doing that. He's not really going to deal with the danger except for a few seconds. Rojo. Pogba comes back to him. And one of his better days, that maybe flies into the top corner. It's wild in the end. One-matter. The considered approach of Juan Mata. And considered by Jose Mourinho. But Liverpool have something similar. In their own locker, in Philippe Coutinho. I'm surprised. It's Origi who comes off the hour mark. I'm surprised, I really am. This is injured. Because if Coutinho isn't a runner, he'll need the counter-attack, you would think, the way the game's gone in these last few minutes. They also need somebody to keep the ball, which he might be able to do. Yeah, they do. But I think Firmino's going to go up top. Lallana to the right, they've gone back to a conventional 4-3-3 now, Liverpool. Coutinho on that left-hand side. Straight away, Coutinho involved. And they're in here for a second, and Firmino's effort kept out by De Gea, keeping Manchester United in it. There's a chance for Liverpool to take the game away from United. Looking to Nolum. Immediate impact from Coutinho, his quality's unquestionable. Inverse pass was fantastic. This was the save from De Gea. And then... Ibrahimovic making it awkward to Lovren then. Here's Rene. Jan. Nolum did very well there. The easiest ball to deal with is Firmino. Passing with Rojo, who... Henderson covered a lot of ground there, he thought he could just nick it away and keep Liverpool going forward, as it is. A bit of space where he's vacated. Liverpool have to fill the levers. And here comes Valencia. For Rooney. And there is Henderson back on his beat. Lallana. Firmino. Pass. One of the two on there, there was one for Wijnaldum, and this one for Coutinho. Reflection on the shot, De Gea desperate to prevent the corner, which he'll do. But it certainly lifted Liverpool, the Orioles. The rival of Coutinho. The last couple of minutes have been a lot better. Just trying to suckle a little bit the five minutes before that. Mata still waiting to get on. And Jones. Far. Bar verdant. Borja. Borja! Virgil completely pushed Chop minor away! Pelé wasting time taking a bit of the stretch in here. … indoors, and then matching the drive… industries, absolutely�� marveling. … the first three. Basically. embassy. Nice. Cut a path. Pretty flat penalty area. Hit by Damien again, though. Now Pogba. There's personally some damage to repay. Good work by Mkhitaryan to win it back. Deep enough that Ibrahimović had just drifted away at that back post. Only trying to get there, might get there. Neared by Lovren. APPLAUSE De Gea this time. Not judged defensively by Lovren. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. Could it be? We're gonna think that every time he has a shot. It wasn't one of his best efforts down the years. It wasn't, we've seen it many times over the years. He shifts it a yard to get a touch of Mkhitaryan, try and dink it into the... the ship. The mess of it. One matter. Marseille off. Not been his game this time around. One matter. Scored three for Manchester United against Liverpool then. His time here. That's the reverse pass from Coutinho to Firmino. And the save from De Gea. Firmino just doesn't set it out wide enough. Mkhitaryan re-type finish. Firmino again showing the defensive side of his forward play. Mata's gone to the right, as you can see. Mkhitaryan switched over to the left-hand side. That's on Miranda, pulled out here. Give me the ball if you want. That was infield. More experienced Coutinho. Jammed. Firmino. And that was slow to get to him. And he carries the shot. Henderson. Coutinho. Little moments in this match, you feel. Turned by Alexander-Arnold, well. Trying to ease Henderson underneath it. Two England captains of this season. Wijnaldum. And that's what Liverpool need to do, is keep the ball in the United half. As much as possible. Lallana. A real ally now, Coutinho. Played together in the Premier League since November. Coutinho again. Oh, it's Lallana! Just had to swing and hit it and hope. Difficult one for Lallana. Andrew. Having the more shots. The Hairs goal. HE CHANTING HE CHANTING HE CHANTING HE CHANTING He's got the Himmlich, Rooney... Oh, that's it. He's the third man in that move. That's good defending. Really good covering position. HE CHANTING He hadn't heard too much from Jamie Redknapp recently. Jamie, sorry about that, it's been too frenetic and frantic. Do you know what, Mike, I just want to talk about the Coutinho influence, because before he brought him on, he said, he brought him on, I counted five, six, seven times, Liverpool lost their ball in their own half. Since he's come onto the pitch, it's almost been like, it's all right, guys, calm down, give the ball to me, we're going to be OK. He has been such a great influence. He obviously did straight away with that one reverse ball, and every time he's got it, he's looked to be decisive. Going to be an interesting 24 minutes or so here, you know, he's lots of play for still, and United are still dangerous, make no mistake, Martin. And particularly the hunger. HE CHANTING The captain has been brought on from the sidelines. HE CHANTING But really, where we are now, Gary, sums up what this fixture's about. Down the years, the rivalry, the enmity, if you like, hostility, desire for victory. HE CHANTING That was a big, big 24 minutes as well. HE CHANTING Pogba. HE CHANTING And then the draw. HE CHANTING That was here into Coutinho. He was stood forward by Milne, that's all that was on for him, really. He runs his head up, goes straight to Henderson, his pass goes to Valencia. That side's guilty of giving the ball away. HE CHANTING Mkhitaryan. HE CHANTING From Herrera to Valencia. HE CHANTING HE CHANTING Jones. HE CHANTING And a look to see whether the big diagonal was on, but it didn't suit him. HE CHANTING Pogba. HE CHANTING Mkhitaryan just got back, that's the only drop for Mata. HE CHANTING In by Mata. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING And it's in. HE CHANTING He's too close to Mignolet. He's defying his doubters and keeping Jose Mourinho's team away. He hasn't scored a number against Liverpool, away and now almost 70 minutes at home. HE CHANTING He's defying his doubters and keeping Jose Mourinho's team away. RUNNING. Wrestling with Wijnaldum. RUNNING. It's a poor challenge from Wayne Rooney, very poor challenge. Oliver, actually for Manchester United, free kick initially, he's looking to get a free kick, but he's not going to get it. And Malana able to take on the instructions, no written messages like at Southampton on Wednesday from Jürgen Klopp. Thank goodness for Shinpads, even so, when he was talking to him. The types stay down, James Milner, but he is hurt. Still pretty relaxed in the situation, they'll be counting away the seconds from Liverpool's point of view. Well, that's the end of the match. As ever, in tandem, as they were on the pitch. So many great years for Liverpool. And then Child was lost too. Kenny Dalvleet, of course, the last manager to win the league with Liverpool. But just a huge, big, big, big hand. Just checking whether there's been any retribution for Wayne Rooney. Just throw forward briefly. See you next Sunday. We'll start with Southampton tomorrow. See you then. See you then. See you then. See you then. See you then. See you then. We start with Southampton against Leicester. And follow that up with Arsenal against Burnley. And we follow that up with Chelsea against Hull. A great hiatus from the gripping action here. Losing, particularly from Manchester United's point of view, a loser today, should they lose. Having worked so hard to get themselves back into an outsider's role in contention, but still mentioned in dispatches. It would be massive for Liverpool if they can see it through here. Probably a huge win, what a stumble they've had in the last week or two. They haven't won a game yet in 2017. Yes, in front of Sunderland, they gave away two penalties. 2-2, Plymouth game, a youthful team. Losing at Southampton, not a terminal defeat, it could have been. They weren't so good for today, but Jürgen Klopp has been able to get his team to do in these big away games in the Premier League since he took over. If we don't get thexisal, photograph the wao. Coutinho. Beautifully done. Because of the rebuilding at Anfield, Liverpool's season is slightly skewed. It might work to their advantage after only seven more away games and tend to come at home when they are unbeaten. The man who knows Merseyside well, Marouane Fellaini. A lot of the gestures of faith from Jose Mourinho recently. Could he... come on and spoil Liverpool's day, spoil Merseyside's day after a terrific victory for Everton over Manchester City? I'm not sure he comes off. I don't think Mourinho to the left. I think Fellaini moving more towards central striker with Ivanovic. He could go a bit more direct. Crosses into the box, pressurised that Liverpool defence that way. Down here. Pogba. That's it. Cavanaugh's to Blitvarner and Chan. Firmino. Chan involved again. Forward for Liverpool. That would have been a glorious goal by Wijnaldum. Coming in behind Phil Jones, who just limped a little bit away. It would have summed up Paul Pogba's day, that would. Too long on the ball, not sure what he's doing. And Liverpool break quickly as always with numbers. Speed, it's a really good chance for Wijnaldum. And a clock. Bring it down on your chest. So it's... Damian has gone off. Fellaini's gone to where we thought he would. Mkhitaryan to left-back and William Rooney to the left-hand side of the field for United. And Mkhitaryan trying all he knows. Come up with a formula to at least get a point. Even that would be... He wants crosses. Pointing. And they say crosses. Whip it in. Right foot and put it into the box. They're taking the high road, aren't they, Manchester United, with Fellaini and Ibrahimovic. Not able to build anything up at this moment in time, Manchester United. I think that Milner injury just took the sting out of the game a little bit. It's not really got going since. It's quiet in the stadium. Liverpool in this period looking pretty comfortable. Inter fans frustrated. However, if you look into the new LNU's game saving благодарingly... It's not just not nice but nice. Get it, Alexander-Arnold, lets it run out. Lack of patience there, forcing it, Herrera, that's not the position to cross it from. Need to work it into wide areas to get the real dangerous crosses in, cause Liverpool problems. Jamie Redknapp, I know, with Liverpool in your heart, how are you feeling? You're not meant to give my secrets away, but... Obviously the way United are going to shape up now, they're going to look to get the ball into the box, and this feels like they're going to be extremely direct. I just hope we don't regret Origi, that he's come off the pitch, maybe from a set piece, cos he does give us a bit of presence in there. They're going to try and bombard Liverpool, make it difficult and get Fellaini on the ball, but I think Liverpool look comfortable, and certainly from the breakaway anything can happen, they've got that lovely pace when they go forward. Thanks, Jamie. The tactic is United, you've got Mata, a left-footer on the right, Rooney, a right-footer on the left, to get down the line and cut back and whip those, almost like in-swinging free-kicks, you can imagine it that way. Klavan. Peeled off straight into the box, Mourinho wants crosses, and here comes one from Valencia. I think Ibrahimovic and Fellaini going for it, the flag's gone up. The wrong areas to cross from, you don't cross from those areas, I don't think they're the crosses that Jose Mourinho wants, or that will worry the Liverpool defenders. Far too deep, you've got to play your way in to more dangerous areas, that's just hoiking it into the box. I see Mata and Ibrahimovic offside. Probably the best crosser in the ground sitting up there underneath the cap, and the second best sitting alongside me. Decoy runner. Quite a combination, though. That's a good one. That's a good one. Cleared by Rotho. He's going direct and going direct, you've got to go direct from good positions, but they're just lumping it at the moment, United. You've still got to play, you've still got to pass, you've got to work your way forward, like that. Mata. Comper a bit slow to pick himself up. Liverpool scurrying back in numbers. THEY CONFER Pogba. And for Fellaini, just... Just got that extra spring. Straight passes from deep. It's no good. He'll just get counter-attacked off that, like this. Firmino, tight there for Liverpool, and then the down pass. THEY CONFER And it's a long run because of the... ...Portino. I'd like to say there's some experienced players out there for United. Mata, Milinovic, Fellaini, Rooney. Rotho, experience. You've got to settle down. There's still a long way to go in this game, probably 15 minutes, maybe more. They've resorted so far to forcing it and playing those long balls forward far too early, just because he's on. THEY CONFER THEY CONFER THEY CONFER And there's Coutinho again, another free-kick. THEY CONFER Liverpool, understandably, taking their time over it. It's got ticks. They're on with 80. He's accepted the ball on the back foot, Coutinho's fantastic. He's a lesson how you should receive a pass and control it on the half-turn, looking over your shoulder before you receive it. THEY CONFER THEY CONFER THEY CONFER THEY CONFER THEY CONFER THEY CONFER BEHIND THE FENCE How can they have been? 괜찮 artık ус Give them belief. The last ten minutes at Old Trafford when you're the visiting team. That's very, very testing, you don't really need me to tell you that. From Ibrahimovic. And Herrera. Has it come for Rooney? Here! The flag was up. APPLAUSE A better area, they worked it higher up the pitch. He had more time to set it up, and it's Matsui who gets in between. Not offside, way of ruining it. Couldn't see Alexander-Arnold, could he? His side, he wouldn't have seen it. I got some sympathy for him there. He's remaining in the centre of the stadium. Fellaini. APPLAUSE Ravan rather pulled out of that. Here's Rooney again. Liverpool need an extra body there, invariably get one, this time it was Adam Lallana. The Northern clock's gone absolutely crazy. It's gone absolutely crazy at Clavan. Lost that challenge against Fellaini. Centre-back, you can't lose those. It's been a long day for them. They've got a free header here. APPLAUSE Jones. APPLAUSE Jones. 90 to play this last six or seven minutes, like there's 30 seconds left. APPLAUSE Valencia. APPLAUSE And Adam again, heating up the ground. APPLAUSE Valencia. Quick cross for the ball. Rooney gets it down. Fellaini! Still there. Ibrahimović! APPLAUSE It's in. Definitely in. APPLAUSE The tower of power has come to the rescue for Manchester United. Seven minutes to go. They're thinking about winning it now. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, we have a game on. Ten minutes to go. Is he just offside, Valencia? The linesman's in a terrible position. He really is. He's five yards out of line. APPLAUSE They've got bodies in the box, Manchester United. It's Wayne Rooney with a little dink. And he just gets a touch, Fellaini. It comes back off the post, but they keep it alive. And Liverpool are on the ropes. It's a fantastic header from Ibrahimović. He's coming back behind him. And he gets the strength in his neck muscles, just to be able to keep it alive. And he gets the strength in his neck muscles, just to be able to keep it alive. He's got the power on him to beat Mignolet. He's got the power on him to beat Mignolet. APPLAUSE Fellaini. APPLAUSE Well, it was a cross into the box that did it. Well, it was a cross into the box that did it. Two crosses, really. Two crosses, really. Short crosses. One from Rooney, and one from Valencia. And here comes Mkhitaryan. And here comes Mkhitaryan. That's been taken. He got crosses in from good areas. I have to say, these last couple of months, there has been a feeling that it has been a little bit like the old United, scoring goals late on, winning when they're not playing quite well, getting a little bit of luck, like it was offside there, maybe Valencia. Fellaini. FANS ROAR The 19th goal of the season already for Zlatan Ibrahimovic. 14 in the Premier League, and still time for more here. Valencia. It's a brilliant header from Ibrahimovic, it really is. To get the height on it and get it over, Mignolet took some doing. Jones. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE Mata. And the win was set. Counter-attacks on as well for Liverpool. Coutinho. Limited her in winning the match mode and the committing bodies forward. And here's Lallana. Liverpool come again. Chan. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Jacobs with an over. Small東 Manchester United really troubled by Liverpool corners. Fellaini there to help now. As soon as United scored, we saw the ball back, and so were the rest of the players. Ibrahimovic was just racing back to be there for the restart. But here's Adam Lallana, trying to pick a way through, it comes off Fellaini, not seen as a back pass. Manchester United look to turn this dramatically around. Liverpool leading for so long. Mkhitaryan. Rooney. Mkhitaryan had a good front-on view at that, that handball. Tried for the one-two, I didn't think it was, first time now it's not. Mignolet, not distracted as it easily could have been by the presence of Ibrahimovic. Chan running into trouble, trying to get it back. Needs to get it back, does get it back. Free kick to Liverpool. I wouldn't be surprised if there's five minutes. I've added time, shall I say. To think about on the benches. Mkhitaryan for a good action as assistant. With advice to the boss. Headed on by Firmino. Mkhitaryan, it bounces off Rooney. Wijnaldum is there. Liverpool, they're not finished yet. Lovren. The flag was up for a while. This is another angle of the goal. Fellaini hits the post. It's kept alive. And it's low, the cross is low from Valencia. It's really well to get that up and over. Mignolet with the power. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, he's got his first goal against Liverpool. Now he wanted his first win. He's got a minute plus, maybe as many as five. We'll see. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE I still think they've been rushing it a little bit, United. I think they've been rushing it a little bit, United. They shouldn't force it forward too quickly. Goal back. We'll see now. The fourth official. Put a little time up. Poulsen is the man. APPLAUSE Oh, a whole bounce-off for Mino, and Ricard has a bit more work to do here. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Poulsen. Poulsen. APPLAUSE Fighting Valencia. He's made the equaliser to try and play a part in a winner. Poulsen. Poulsen. Poulsen. Poulsen. Poulsen. Poulsen. Firmino. Oh, and Herrera. Oh, dear. Firmino's in trouble there. Could be red for Firmino. It's yellow. It was a retaliatory act. I mean, it's cynical from Herrera, but Firmino's lucky. It is cynical from Herrera. He's given the free kick away, it's definitely yellow card. He doesn't want the counter-attack. But... He didn't push him in the face, it was the top of the chest. It's usually the dividing line between yellow and red. APPLAUSE I'm surprised it's only four minutes. Mm. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. Is there a winner in it? Liverpool look for it here. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. POOLSEN. It's Lovren. Here's Lallana. And Alexander-Arnold. And we will never forget this day. Until we remember it much happier. If he's not on the losing side. Fellaini. Henderson. Here is Alexander-Arnold. Easing it off. And it's on for Firmino. Into Coutinho, trying to set up Lallana. Coutinho's there again. And again. Now it's Rooney. Mkhitaryan. Henderson. A long, bursting run to get there. And then just stuck in behind by Lovren. Reduce a bit of pressure. He's hurting there, Jordan, as we bring him back. Good challenge. Down by Alexander-Arnold in the circumference. He needs a runner down, that's the only ball he's got on. No-one was making himself available for it. And Liverpool have belatedly Coutinho. And then Rojo. Straight to Firmino. Coutinho. Chan, they've got Wijnaldum there as well. Wijnaldum! Straight at De Gea. Halfway through. Added time. It's United's turn now. Lovren, but it only drops for Rooney. Is it in the script, is it in the stars? Not like that. That ball pass really is from Wayne Rooney. Coutinho. Forced it far too much, United. Goal aside, haven't played well in this last 15 minutes. Firmino. In for Coutinho. Jones, he would like to win it in the air. Likewise. Ibrahimo. And it's in. And it's in. I think the free-kick, once it's set up properly... They're saying calm down. They haven't shown too much composure, this team. They've forced it far too much to have an opportunity to play. Probably one final pass. Liverpool staying high. They're trying to hold that line. It's not in. These days it's Jose. Jose time, but for so many years, Fergie time. So fruitful for Manchester United. wearing their familiar all red strip, Manchester City bidding to win here in the league for the first time in 13 years and in doing so, go above Liverpool in the table. Good evening Steve McManaman, all the ingredients are out there for us tonight. Good evening mate, good evening everybody. Looking forward to hopefully what's going to be a fantastic game. The boos right at the start for Raheem Sterling, he's hoping for a more successful night here this season. He was taken off at half-time last season when City were beaten here, and he's won them a free kick for that challenge by James Milner, just outside the Liverpool penalty area. Yeah, that was a foul as well, too quick wasn't he for James Milner. He's eased off the ball, going to attempt to get the ball by James Milner, good position for Manchester City, whether it's Kolorov, whether it's Yaya, Kevin De Bruyne is there. Particularly when you're the away side as well Steve, isn't it? Great position there and it calms everyone down, you're playing in the opponent's half and they've got an opportunity here. Kevin De Bruyne hasn't scored since he rattled in that free kick against Barcelona in the Champions League. The left foot of Alexander Kolorov is also an early option here for Manchester City. Liverpool nine points behind Chelsea in the table, Manchester City ten points behind after Chelsea's win this afternoon against Stoke. It is Kolorov, the Liverpool wall. It's job and Milner was there to finish it off with a clearance. Yeah, he just didn't get it high enough the last time he saw Alexander Kolorov. He bent one in against Leicester, didn't he, a few weeks ago when they lost. It's Yaya Toure who will be needed more than I think Pep Guardiola anticipated now that Ilkay Gundogan is out for the rest of the season. The Liverpool midfield three is an interesting one today. It's the first time that... ...Chan, Henderson and Wijnaldum have started a game together since the defeat at Bournemouth at the start of the month. What it goes towards Aguero. Clavan back there. Still no Joel Matip for Liverpool. Liverpool haven't lost a match for the Cameroonian at centre-back this season but he's out with an ankle problem and Philippe Coutinho not quite ready to come back either. It's been a good fix of this one for Liverpool in recent seasons. They've won four of the last six league meetings. They've won four of the last six league meetings. The last ten matches between the pair have produced 37 goals and Liverpool's form is rock solid. One defeat in 20 matches in all competitions. City have won their last three following the 4-2 defeat at Leicester three weeks ago. City have won their last three following the 4-2 defeat at Leicester three weeks ago. There's one slight difference here. You can see the ball here with De Bruyne. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's the one that's playing just in behind Aguero and Silva's playing a little bit wider on that left-hand side. He's been so consistent at left-back for Liverpool this season. It's going to be an interesting battle between those two, Raheem Sterling and James Milner. You would suggest that Raheem Sterling must be confident enough to go past James Milner, with the fact that James is not, as you rightly said, an orthodox left-back. And the speed of Raheem Sterling, you must fancy it tonight. And that would be something for Manchester City to think about. And that would be something for Manchester City to think about. You can see Milner trying to get tight early. tight as possible every time he doesn't want still into vanity so for me there'll be space in behind him in that in that area for city you know they want a couple of titles as a Manchester City player Raheem Sterling who spent five years here and would love to make a big impression here that's Anfield tonight Nathaniel Clyde now Dejan Lovren Simon Mignolet continues in goal for Liverpool it's his fourth successive start in the Premier League he's kept two clean sheets and conceded one goal since coming back in to replace Loris Karius and he's got a big shot at the top of the net Jurgen Klopp who said he didn't go to the Etihad to watch Manchester City because he sees it better at home better than standing up and taking selfies throughout the match Klopp who will be in charge of his 50th Premier League match at Sunderland on Monday you you considering the throw in there to Manchester City was a good initial press from Sergio Aguero and the goalkeeper Mignolet his tour right now John Stones who lasted 18 minutes in City's last match against Hull he's recovered well fit to start alongside Otamendi in the City back four tonight back four tonight back four tonight quickly joined there by Henderson you hear the Anfield crowd as well respond to that didn't as the first time you saw a bit of Liverpool's good pressing you see them now the red shirts hunger for that ball Klavan Head and net is Klavan is that Lallana then now Emre can only change made to the Liverpool team the one that Pete Stoke yeah the last match now Milner to Aguero by guy Crack First Raw bite thought Listen remain mobile back really short lands are going to call ball by James Milner Nice touch by Aguero, he knew he was coming. Had to bring him down, wasn't he? It was an easy decision for Craig Pawson. Up towards Aguero, who can glance it on towards De Bruyne. James Milda was in the way for Liverpool, but City have got the free kick again. That was Claven again. It wasn't a yellow card, of course not, but... There you go. Didn't look like a foul, did it? It looked worse than it was. He gets a kick on his knee. Just before that, the ball from De Bruyne, he's tried to play one round the corner for Sterling, and he had oceans of space there, it was a shame. Couldn't release him, he was away. But he's got it. He's got it. Yaya Toure over the Manchester City free kick. Kolorov was looking for Fernandinho. Liverpool have got it back again here with Firmino. And now Lallana. Lallana playing slightly further forward for Liverpool tonight. In it goes, it's a good chance, it's a good header, and it's the perfect start for Liverpool, and it's Jorginho-Wijnaldum with a bullet header. APPLAUSE Brilliant Liverpool goal, brilliant counter-attack. All stemmed from Yaya Toure's free kick. Why he's choosing to flip a ball out to Alexander Kolorov, I will never know, he's got all kinds of players in front of him. Liverpool played really quick, no pressure on the ball. What a ball that was, what a ball that was. Gio Wijnaldum comes running onto it, bang, have some of that, right in the bottom corner, one, then Liverpool. That's a wonderful goal, isn't it, Steve? But no pressure, as you said, Zabaleta's got to get tight early on Lallana, who's got that ability to create off his right or his left foot. And, you know, Klopp's delighted, what a start. Well, it's Jorginho Wijnaldum's second goal for Liverpool. It maintains this record that all of the goals he's scored in English football have been scored at home, all the goals he got for Newcastle were scored at St James' Park, and the two goals he's got for Liverpool have been scored here. It's the first time Liverpool have really ventured forwards, Pep Guardiola must be going crazy... ..in his technical area. There's Kolorov coming forward the other way, though, for Manchester City, he can squeeze the cross in, but Mignolet was down there to claim it. It's the worst possible start for Pep Guardiola, but in the matchday programme today, Jürgen Klopp was talking so positively about the impact that Wijnaldum's had on the Liverpool squad, particularly in the dressing room, who said that they've really taken to him the Liverpool players, and he's become a key component in this Liverpool team. He runs off the ball, Fletcher, and that's what he did there, he worked off the back of the midfield, Firmino was deeper, actually, he was the centre-forward at the time, and what a header, though. APPLAUSE He's got the all-important touch so far for Liverpool, who have got a goal inside the opening ten minutes to settle them down on a big night here at Anfield. Two sides with two goals. That's the title aspirations. Here's Aguero, good run, looking to try and bend it in with the outside of his right boot. Lovely fake by Aguero. There's the goal again. That's a really sloppy ball, and that was a sloppy pass by Alexander Kolarov, and that's it then, Liverpool are breaking. One simple pass for Firmino, Milano picks the ball up, it was 30-40 yards without any contact. Puts it on a plate for Wijnaldum. 19 seconds from Jaya, taking it to the ball ending up the back of the net. That's the 87th league goal that Liverpool have scored in 2016. And last time they got more than 87 was in 1982. They really have been the team for goals, it's been a feature of Liverpool under Jurgen Klopp, and it means that City of England, and the City of England have got to come from behind, as they did against Arsenal in their last pre-Christmas match, when they fell behind early in that one against the Gunners, but dragged themselves back into the game. Of course that one was at the Etihad, it's an entirely different story here at Anfield, where Liverpool have been so hard to beat, and they've not lost a home game in the league since last January, and they've not lost a game at all at Anfield this season so far. For what it means that Liverpool now can take their time, and pick them off, like they did on the goal, they broke quickly, it was sloppy play from City, give it a ball away in the middle third, and you pay the price, and they'll look to do that again and again, if they can just pinch it off City and break on them. They're going in behind as well, they've got runners going in behind that City defence. By David Silva. There's Aguero, coming across there for Liverpool, who's performed pretty well, hasn't he, alongside Lovren with... Matip out, that real signs that he's settling into the Premier League, player that Jurgen Klopp got in the summer from Augsburg. Here's Pablo Zabaleta, you can see the results from this afternoon, crawling through the bottom of the screen at the moment, another win for Chelsea, another defeat for Swansea as well, big win for Burnley today, all of those stories and scorelines will be discussed with Jake and the team on Premier League tonight, from 8 o'clock on BT Sport 1HD. It's a game, this one, that pits together the highest scoring home team in the Premier League this season, Liverpool, and the highest scoring away team in Manchester City. Lada works it through here to Emre Can, and Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, but... Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, but... Sadio Mane was quickly on the move, although a little bit too much, on that ball forward from Chad, but... Kolarov was back there to tidy things up for Manchester City. There's Fernandinho, and now Sterling, manages to wriggle away from his England team-mate Lallana, and then the England captain, in two of the last three internationals, Jordan Henderson across to make the tackle for Liverpool. Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, Yeah, it's good defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, you know, it's a good play, defensive play, isn't it? Midfield, he's come out of that central position, and you can do that when you're deep on the ball. He's read the situation, come out, made his tackle, and then goes back into that central role now. There's Toure. Manchester City have dominated the early possession, despite the fact that Liverpool have the lead through Wijnaldum's header. Yeah, Liverpool are certainly allowing Manchester City to have possession in this area for them. You see Jurgen Klopp is more than happy just telling us play is to shuffle across the field, but he doesn't want them going hunting the ball there. The fact that they've gone one-nil up as well, it's a major advantage to play that way. Two coaches, who bring so much anticipation whenever you see their teams play. It's the first time that Guardiola's managed in a match here at Anfield. He did play here for Barcelona in the UEFA Cup semi-final back in 2001, which he lost. But I know he's been really looking forward to pitting his wits against Jurgen Klopp. Two men who know each other very well from their time in the Bundesliga. Two men as well, Steve, who will feel going into 2017 they can have a real say when those big trophies get handed out at the end of the season. Very much so, very much so. Liverpool, of course, still in the League Cup, the EFL Cup and the semi-finals, they've got that to look forward to. But fighting on all fronts, certainly in the league, now in the FA Cup, coming up next week. FANS ROAR Forward by Fernandinho, then on by David Silva. Claverne there to clear it for Liverpool. Here's Firmino, who gets that little bit more freedom, playing as the Liverpool false nine. Now Mane can have a run at Otamendi, and the help arrive in the shape of Kolarov, and Liverpool get the corner. Yeah, that's an area, isn't it, behind Kolarov as well. Not the quickest skips inside Otamendi. He gets across in the end to do the business, Kolarov, and clear his lines. FANS ROAR Liverpool have sent both centre-backs into the City penalty area for the corner. And he's sent Dejan Lovren, the last goal he scored on this ground was that never-to-be-forgotten one against Borussia Dortmund last season. Goes in towards him, Otamendi away, here's Wijnaldum. Now Clyde. Lallana just accelerated in behind Sterling. Now that's that ball they're prepared to search out, aren't they, Liverpool, today. You see them normally build up feet to feet, and today they're prepared to put that ball diagonally and have runners in behind. Yeah, look at the run from Lallana. Lovely little run there, just couldn't bring it down, but four or five times now they've turned City pretty easily. And now, the first goal of the season for Liverpool. And it's Sadio Mane, and now Chan. At the moment, Manchester City are finding it virtually impossible to play out from the back. We've seen Claudio Bravo go a lot longer at the restart than we're used to seeing it. But you have to do that, Fletcher, surely, don't you? When the goalkeeper's got a goal kick, if you can, you push right up and make him kick the ball. They haven't got a tall front line. So invariably you'll get the ball back, and that's what he's just done, Claudio Bravo. And that's what he's done. And that's what he's done. That's what he's done. ively. There's Milner, and now Chan. First try and hit it straight at Raheem Sterling. Although Wijnaldum can dispossess! Yaya Toure and it's Adam Lallana who has already shown his danger from this side with the cross that led to the Wijnaldum goal. Milner will cross it this time, it's another interesting ball. And Kolarov had moved into the right position to head it away. City will look to counter Sergio Aguero gives chase back there in anticipation to clear it there's always going to be an interesting tactical battle between these two tonight Glen wasn't it but at the moment the shape of Liverpool is is dominating the match early on very much so I think you know Klopp showed his hands there by putting Chan in there and they've got a three right across there Henderson sitting shield in the center halves they've got a nice balance in that midfield and I think that's where they've really dictated the play and they're allowed City to have the ball in these areas as long as the distances they've always got a red shirt up against them and they've got a wall of red and tactically at the moment you got to say Klopp's got it right you're more than happy for Otamendi or John Stones to be the free men aren't you with the ball let them have the ball all game if you want you're more than happy for Otamendi or John Stones to be the free men aren't you with the ball let them have the ball all game if you want you with the ball all game if you want let them do that let them do that suits Liverpool down to the ground as long as De Bruyne or David Silva or Aguero don't get it in danger areas but let the centre defenders have it it's Kevin De Bruyne who was the the furthest player forward for Manchester City at Hull he played through the middle to all intents and purposes with Aguero out suspended Sadio Mane given away to Toure given away to Toure now Kevin De Bruyne... Sterling now Kevin De Bruyne... Sterling fold every move every move that's going to be a test isn't it first roling he's gonna make sure that the he's gonna make sure that the crowd don't get to him every time he touches it crowd don't get to him every time he touches it the boing him he's at a the boing him he's at a forest cross thereних ita but there's still suites kind of a He's got to be really strong mentally now. He's scored months in his last 14 games for Manchester City as well, Raheem Sterling, although that was the winner that the Yeti had against Arsenal. Slip in by Nicolas Otamendi. That's Sadio Mane. It's his penultimate game for Liverpool tonight before he jets off to join Senegal at the Africa Cup of Nations. Liverpool's top scorer this season as Lallana is caught offside. He's also on the shortlist, Sadio Mane, for the African Player of the Year. He's tight that, Glenn, just about. He should have left it, actually, for Firmino, but because he's looking at the linesman, he hasn't raised his flag yet. He thinks he's OK. It's a clever run, though. He's just... He's fast, hasn't he? He's held it, he knows he's got to go square first, and as a defender, that distance between you and him, you know you're just hoping that he's veered offside, which he had done. It goes towards Aguero, who is offside this time. Just started too early off the back of Lovren. Yeah, he was, wasn't he? Talk about those runs, Glenn. We see the Liverpool players make off the back of defenders here. That was such a problem for Manchester City in both games last season, in the league, at the Etihad, where Liverpool won in the game here as well, making the runs off the back of defenders, a very square Manchester City defence last season. It's a little bit more flexible this season, but it worked for them before, didn't it, Liverpool? Yeah, it did, and today they're doing it from a bit more distance. That was on the edge of the 18-yard box last year, when they broke them down. There's Lallana. Zabaleta able to slide it away. Given away, though, by Sterling to Firmino. Some really good balance there, Firmino, to keep the ball, and then Zabaleta arrives to run it back. The Liverpool fans were paying for a free kick, but Craig Poulsen happy to let that go. Yeah, he let him play advances, and he was right, actually. Early on, if he would have stopped, he probably would have got the foul, but the fact that it continues and continues... Milner for Chan. Chan was difficult to move off the ball, but couldn't quite find Milner with the return ball. They've been a bit tight with the back recently, Manchester City. Two clean sheets in their last three matches, after one in the 17 before that, but that back line has been breached by Wijnaldum for Liverpool. That's a foul by Fernandinho. And Adam Lallana. I think he's going to let this go, isn't he? It was a foul, wasn't it? I don't think every foul is a yellow card. I think you can't get carried away with the atmosphere, the noise. Otherwise it would be seven against seven in an hour's time. I wonder how many goals there'd be between these two on a pitch this size, seven on seven. So Jordan Henderson and James Milner over the Liverpool free kick. There's Lovren, who's gone forward. Claven is in there as well. So is... Emre Can. It's a high line that's being held there by Manchester City. It's Milner's delivery in towards Lovren. And the goalkeeper, Bravo, elected to punch it, under pressure there from Firmino. Why didn't he just catch it? This is unbelievable. He's way above the attacker. Just catch it. And the punch is poor. He's actually broke his elbow to go and punch it. Look. Straight arm, punch it away. 30 yards. You should be punching that. It's awful goalkeeping. And they've got away with it. Liverpool looking to work their way in again. Wijnaldum's ball has floated out of play. This is interesting here, in fact. They're looking to play out. Look, he plays long. And you just... If they don't win the ball, they're very open, City. Every time they play the ball long from a goal kick, sometimes if you're going to play it long, let your back four get together. Maybe impress up. So, Willy Caballero, who's on the Manchester City bench tonight. So, three penalties in the League Cup final shootout. Last season. He was the hero that day, but only a substitute for them today. Claudio Bravo started the last 16 Premier League games in a row. Here's Lallana. And now Wijnaldum, who's going to let one go. Just opened up a little bit for him, didn't it? Just outside the Manchester City penalty area. Yeah, that was really nice, that, by Liverpool. Intricate play before the pass to Wijnaldum. Just went for the sheer force, didn't he? But it was nice between Camino and Mane. There we go again. It's OK when it becomes a dead play. When it becomes a set play, you get... You get your shape back in again. But if you are going to play that long, if that drops to Liverpool, they've got an open pitch to play in in the taxis tonight. So, Lucas among the Liverpool substitutes. Not a speculation about him leaving Anfield in the January transfer window. Into Milan, apparently one of the clubs interested in taking him. It's his tenth season here at Liverpool. Here's David Silva. Now, Yaya Tora. Lallana was in there quickly. Fernandinho was supporting him, though. Forward by Kolarov. It's just not been that invention, fluidity and accuracy around the Liverpool penalty area that we're used to seeing from Manchester City when they've got the ball, Steve. Yeah, but we said before, the fact that Liverpool are 1-0 ahead now, they've got it in a nice shape. And it's the back four of Manchester City who've got most of the ball, not the players who they want to have the ball. Mane plays it out here to Milner. Lallana and Firmino have taken up places inside the Manchester City penalty area. Cham back out to Milner. Now Mane. Away by Sabaleta. Milner was there, though, to pick up the pieces. And then play a lovely ball through towards Firmino. Firmino. Who couldn't quite gather it. The pass, though, from Milner was sublime. The pass was amazing. The touch was terrible. This is easy for Firmino, this. That should have been quite comfortable to control. See, eyes on the ball. It's a great opportunity for him. As he gets that down, it could be 2-0. What a ball from Milner, though, in the split second as well. One pass just takes them all out. The City defenders. Mane, which is quick to kick. Sade Mane spins away and then was caught by Toure, no foul, though, Craig Paulson was really close to that one. Silva's ball towards Aguero. Aguero was already expecting a flag from the assistant. ...wasn't he? He was offside. If anything, he did well, because now Liverpool have got a throw-in right in the corner there. Isn't that an advantage, though? The offside is the offside, he's offside, put the flag up, you've got free kick 30 yards further up. I don't get it. That's what Milner wants. See, Milner wanted those. Yeah, exactly. James Milner discussing that with the assistant Peter Kirkup and I think making exactly the same point that you raised Glenn there's another heavy touch from Roberto Firmino scored his first Liverpool goal against Manchester City last season actually scored in both of the league matches Torre too strong for him this time and then away by Otamendi Henderson wins it in the air as does Mane Wijnaldum to Lallana Firmino's on the run here's Emre Can Wijnaldum's made a run into the penalty area Mane's in there as well and Can saw that top corner himself and then couldn't quite get the ball to curl around quickly enough you see what he had in mind poor defensive error by John Stones Otamendi got in his way he always knew he wanted to open his body up just didn't shift him far enough Firmino was up early there against Stones and then Lallana with a foul on Zabaleta Guardiola's problem here Glenn at the moment is trying to get his match winners his game changers on the ball we've hardly seen De Bruyne or Aguero and the flag's up against Aguero again here we've seen him just be veering offside three or four times now and the ball's coming from a distance they can't get the ball into for me I'd swap put David Silva in there now Kevin De Bruyne isn't really on the ball put him out wide let him get a bit of ball and put David Silva in behind and see if that works at the moment they can't thread a little ball through to Aguero it's coming from distance all the time it's a really hard ball Glenn isn't it from Otamendi to ping one over the top to Aguero who's quite isolated up there Savio Mane Firmino had just ghosted him behind Mane wanted to go himself Zabaleta was there for City now Chan Kevin De Bruyne was there and then Silva with the ball that Aguero can chase but Mignolet was he was waiting for it outside his box and it had to be really comfortable in possession to deal with it one or two hearts and mouths as Anfield with that one Misskills only just two surface estás is the best for Theo Bruno actionable they could have done a booking you see there another situation of the city of finding it hard today which is unusual to do the simple things right it's four or five passes simple things the goal is an example this is the uh a little bit of risk but what are you thinking there glenn if you're a manager well he's got no other option he's took his touch the ball's in your heart's in your mouth but you just hope the goalkeeper's got a he lost the flight of the ball that was the thing over the top he ran towards the ball and then had to run backwards oh doing the okie-cokie around the penalty box glenn glenn gave us the clean version not what he actually would have said the broider runs into a solid challenge there from clavin zavaleta with the challenge then on lalana his torre torre just caught it's gonna be a city free kick i just saw a couple of examples there the bruno what he time on the ball we couldn't see what was coming in behind him lalana then closing torre they really at him anytime there's a possession for city they've got to work hard in that middle third there to create anything and you see this now he's taking a free kick but the event is up going backwards they can't get to bruno they can't get silver goalkeeper's got the ball now from having a free kick on the edge sorry on the halfway line what's he going to do now it's that ball out to collar off again and he brings liverpool to throw it stone sends it forward clavin who is back pedaling from a firm header away marnie going to put a bit of pressure on collar off who decided not to take a chance and now he's got the ball to winelda silver gives it away this time to winelda they're not past the ball well at all have they city which is such a trademark of any tech guardiola team here's milder and now henderson you you you you you have a good chance of Pep Guardiola now isn't it see what he does well we 35th minute we're getting into haven't really offered anything Manchester City yet you chance of adam lalana what clever run that was from lalana to come around the front of you you you you you you you you you you you you you Wijnaldum with a little flick that was anticipated by Stones. The ball finds its way here to Raheem Sterling. Again, though, the only route for Manchester City was to go backwards. If you're Liverpool, you're happy with this, aren't you? Manchester City taking chances. The Liverpool crowd urging them on with this press to keep the pressure on City at the back. Claudio Bravo has just played a six-yard pass to Otamendi, so what's Otamendi going to do with the ball? He's only got one option, to boot it as far away from his goal as possible. Not sure whether you saw Claudio Bravo calling for reinforcements, not sure what he does see Guardiola to change it. Well, his team's not functioning anywhere near how he envisaged to play. He's been offensive, he's put an attacking team out, but they haven't really had the ball. He's got to change something, whether it's personnel or the shape of the team. Maybe, as I said, David Silva in behind to get him involved more. Fernandinho, and then Toure to Silva. Kolarov can come forward now from left-back. Mane was across there and so was Clyne, he could finish off the tackle. Fernandinho. Zabaleta, space out wide here for Sterling. And it's a good one for Mane. And it's a good one for Mane. It goes outside of Milner, cross took a deflection off the Liverpool left-back, but made it straight forward for Mignola. He just needs to be a bit quicker, Raheem Sterling, he received the ball, he was one-on-one with Milner, and he had a couple of shimmies in sides which allowed a couple of more players to get back in position. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Given away by Lallana this time, it was well spotted by Fernandinho. Here's Sterling. Claven comes across, Fernandinho is determined. So given as a foul by Kolarov. And Sadio Mane. He was always going to fall over, wasn't he? Don't forget, we've got plenty of FA Cup football coming up for you at the weekend. Manchester United against Reading. Japstan back at Old Trafford, that's at midday on Saturday. BT Sport, 2-HD and 4K UHD. And then Preston versus Arsenal from 5 o'clock, that's on 2-HD and 4K UHD as well. Liverpool in action in the third round on Sunday from 1 o'clock, they're against Plymouth. And then Cambridge United against Leeds United on Monday night from 7 o'clock. That's on 2-HD and 4K UHD as well. Did you say Jax-tan was going back to England? I did, actually, yeah. Yeah. He's got a good version. Trust you. Here's Toure. Otamendi up to Silva. We've only really seen David Silva in these deeper positions so far in the match. Almost 38 minutes gone. There he goes. Millner away. There's Toure. Zabaleta. Sure that Guardiola wants to try and get De Bruyne and Silva on the ball around the Liverpool penalty area. There's not been much in the way of support so far for Agüero. Zabaleta, now Toure. Stones to Silva. Now Sterling. Milano was back there helping Milder out. David Silva. Alexander Kolarov, can drive one in. Lots of pace on the cross, but not the accuracy. It's gone out, in fact, for a Liverpool throw. That's the positions where David Silva's got to get himself, I think, in and around these positions. In the centre of the pitch, he picks out the best ball that City's had all day. Kolarov just doesn't catch it right, as he's trying to cut across it for the far post, but that's where I think David Silva's got to play today. It's just been a slightly better pitch, but it's been a bit of a period, though, hasn't it, the last five minutes or so for City in terms of having the ball? You just need more than that, don't you? We're 40 minutes in. Just having the ball is certainly not enough. But, yeah, it'll give them some sort of foothold, it'll get some of the players, the David Silvers, the Kevin De Bruyne, get them a feel of the ball a little bit. Kevin De Bruyne is going searching all over the field trying to get a touch. Sometimes when you're playing in that position there, you've got to come square of the ball sometimes, or even behind the ball. No-one can pick you up then, unless you get on the ball and you're facing play. He's been in front almost like a second centre-forward and no-one can find him at the moment. Come a bit deeper and get the ball. There's John Stones. Now Otamendi, Silva... He wanted the free kick there, he felt he was caught by Nathaniel Klein, Craig Pawson didn't agree with him. It's a Liverpool throw-in. Regardless, it was a poor ball by David Silva, the ball was on, wasn't it? The man was there. A way by Henderson. City have come into this match on the back of three successive wins, winning three games on the trot for the first time since they won the first six in the league to start the season. They've found it hard though so far to find a way through this Liverpool team. Mignolet has had very little to do in the Liverpool goal. Given away by a tour-writer, Firmino. They've given away to Kevin De Bruyne, now this might be a promising position for City. De Bruyne with the ball on his left foot, and the ricochet then almost took it through to Sergio Aguero, in the end though, City have to settle for the corner, but just opened up a little bit there for the first time for De Bruyne. You see Clavin, can't touch him otherwise, he's off the field, so he sort of jockeys him, shows him inside, he's too quick, Kevin De Bruyne, he just doesn't catch it, does he? In the end, Clavin gets a good block on it. Ironically, De Bruyne's got on the ball from a mistake from a Liverpool player, it wasn't created by City, was it? He was on his weaker side as well, wasn't it, as he looked to get the shot away. There was the corner from De Bruyne, flipped away from Stones, who was running in. Zabaleta. Sterling. Silver towards Aguero, and David Silver again. It's been a real containing job from Liverpool since they got the goal, and they've not committed too many bodies forward, they've just plugged the gaps and made it hard for City to break them down. Yeah, considerant. You mentioned Simon Mignolet before, having a quiet first half, to a certain extent, Claudio Bravo has as well, he hasn't had to make any saves, Liverpool got the goal, great goal as it was, and have been quite content to sit back and hopefully hit Manchester City on the counter-attack. There's Kolorov, now Otamendi, we've seen a little bit more of Kolorov getting forward from left-back for City, that's given away though by Tuchel, and Tore, having Lallana, he's offside. I think the moment Roberto Firmino played the pass, he knew it. Yeah, he was offside. They waited for Yaya to receive the ball, and he went Lallana, didn't he, there, caught him, there. Should have hit him, should have given him it half a second before. I don't think Lallana could have held his run any more than he did. Firmino needed to just read it quickly and give it first time almost, after he won the pass, but a great closing again. Picking them off in that central midfield, and breaking. Lallana's looking to swing it through there towards Sadio Mane, Nicolas Otamendi was there for City, here's De Bruyne, a rare pocket of space for him to receive the ball, and that's nicely done from Sterling, and then Claven came across, the last touch off the England winger, and it's a Liverpool goal kick, and more... frustration there for Raheem Sterling. He did well, Claven, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, he didn't go diving in, stayed on his feet, I think it was a corner, let's have a look. I think it was a corner, let's have a look. Maybe he came off as a sock of Raheem Sterling. It was better from City though, it was a beautiful ball into De Bruyne, a beautiful touch, gets turned and plays Sterling in almost two, three passes, and that's the first time they've broke quickly on Liverpool, they've got to do that more. And that's the first time they've broken quickly on Liverpool, and that's the first time they've broken quickly on Liverpool,