at Anfield. Only three teams have prevented them from scoring. West Ham in the FA Cup last year, Manchester United in the Premier League in October, and just a couple of weeks ago, Plymouth Argyle. Swansea to this point have done a very, very good job of stifling them. Where, Trevor Francis, would you go from out of the Liverpool dressing room into this second half? What would I change? Yes, nothing at the moment. I would give these players the opportunity to improve on what they did in the first half, knowing full well that if they don't improve after another 15, 20 minutes, we've got the options of Origi and Sturridge, who can come off the bench. Liverpool do have a pretty potent bench. Those two as well, of course, is the young whippersnapper Woodburn, all potential goal-getters. And from the Swansea part of you, Peter, I'd say, you know, same again. Try and limit them to a bit less time on the ball, like Dean Sona said at half-time. But you can keep defending the way you have and nick a set piece and get them in forwards. You know, you might nick a win. Second away from Llorente, but recathered by Mawson, who stayed forward here. Norton, Routledge. Llorente. Norton sharply in towards the end. And back behind without too much control by Dejan Lovren at a cheap early Swansea corner. That all came about through the forward run of Leroy Furr. He adds another body into the box. Lovren gets a little bit distracted. He's not absolutely 100 percent sure. He panics a little bit and heads it out for a corner. Sigurdsson will take. The Anfield road end. Some angst-ridden ground. Sigurdsson with great loft towards Fernandes, who won the header. And Llorente scores! Now that wasn't meant to happen. Swansea City, against all odds, have snatched the lead at a near-silent Anfield. Well, we just said, can Swansea nick a goal from a set piece? It's Sigurdsson with the outsmart. Llorente just peels off Firmino. He kept the ball alive. Routledge. You know, and he's toe-poked it into the net. Llorente. Through the legs of Wijnaldum. 1-0 Swansea City. It's a great header from Fernandes. Routledge kept it alive. And Paul Clement gets the lead at Anfield. The first Premier League goal of the Clement era. And what a goal. Now Liverpool have it to chase on their own territory. In a manner with which they are not recently familiar. That wasn't printed on the match ticket. With the reaction, it's resolve. weekuc 70 Vice President Robert aza. There comes Norton Fulcock… A year and four days since Liverpool lost on this ground in the Premier League to a Wayne Rooney goal. and a goal Trevor that came about as a result of a corner that really oughtn't to have been well you felt that the most likely inroad for a goal for Swansea was going to be from the set piece that's why I couldn't understand early in the first half and they didn't load it into the box when they were given a free kick but it was a good header from Fernandes he got over the top of Lovren who was back peddling so Fernandes was always favourite but Rangnish did well to keep it alive and a little toe pump from Llorente finished it off and that has given us what we wanted an early goal and it'll bring Liverpool out looking in search of an equalizer but it's not what the home fans expected for the neutral watching at home this game now should be a bit more lively you know who'd have thought Swansea come here one nil up so early in the second half Liverpool now have got to come out play quicker play sharper and as you said Peter as soon as that goal went in Sturridge and Origi went to warm-up Klein Chan Lovren Liverpool based on the experience of this season have to know have to believe that they are well capable of turning this round the one salvation for them is that that Swansea goal did come so early in the second half there is plenty of time for a rescue but these three points for Swansea would carry them out of the bottom three above Palace hole and Sunderland oh Titino by Routledge Klavan seen by Olsen there's that ball again wide it in 0 Mike Lowe alluded to a half-time that they've ran him into their they're not unstoppable the good goal was in their handsMan Winni Mary two w россий izabela that they're forcing Liverpool wide, they're protecting the middle of the goal, they've got numbers in that area, you can't slip little quick balls through to Firmino or Lallana, Coutinho's ball's been cut out, and Swansea's game plan is working so, so well. Sturridge, Eber-Ricky, waiting their moment if required. Firmino, Wijnaldum, Coutinho behind Lallana. And clear by Cork. And another moment has gone away. Just thought Coutinho could have hit that on time with his left foot. Tried to pull the ball back. That was a good move from Liverpool. Wijnaldum's pass to Coutinho, I thought he could have hit it first time, on his left foot instead he went for the ball back. Olsen's on his way. Clyne is labouring to stay with him. Oh! Carroll on the overlap, it's Carroll's cross, Llorente! How about it?! That's a number nine goal! And Anfield is stunned. Better than he dared dream, Swansea have a two-goal lead. Oh, what a header from Llorente! It's Olsen down this left side, it's a good run. And the little flick he produces to Carroll's brilliant, and then the quality of the cross is absolutely brilliant. And just look at the leap, Llorente gets powers over the Liverpool defenders, and heads it into the corner of the net. What a header, what a goal, what a ball, Swansea 2-up, Trev. That's the reason why the big fella's in the team, right? He's the tallest player on the field, he's the best head of the ball, he needs the service, and that is as good a cross as you're gonna find anywhere this afternoon. Absolutely brilliant. The history of these two clubs has in common one mighty number nine and centre-forward one, John Toshack. That was a Toshack header. And the Premier League weekend is opening with a shocker. And of course not only that, that finishing mark of the away final. But I can't believe it has happened like that at the moment. That was looking... God. Passing it down here with texto too – intercept, disrespect. Then a big ball on the side looks like a big Arkansas monster. And that set off to an incredible lay-in and is Øyzyý's result. He may or may not be a greatInspector at Manchester United going next as he gets one from this. shows off a impressivebringen skating doct TeaS mét Laire who has been unt cider thinking although he didn't know we were watching theseWoman ENF hundreds of definitely go back and reaction to having Beijo Adea a few disclose theかった Hattick's shouting girl's new sport as new- adversity has come to a good start. they have never won a league game on this ground Henderson Klein Lovren Clavan Henderson Lallana got a kind bounce off Carroll Henderson sweeping it out towards Milner face to face with Norton Milner's cross Camino now the Kop's part of it Liverpool get their teeth into it finally what a thrilling start to the second half Liverpool won and now Swansea 2 yeah look how high up the park Milner was a 2-0 down but the quality of this cross too was fantastic the in-swinger and Firmino he peels on the back of Olsen it's a great header once again back where it came from powers over Olsen fantastic header 2-1 what a difference the goal makes what a difference three goals make Lallana the place is bouncing now Coutinho out by Fernandes Lovren Liverpool with wind in their collective sail Firmino it's taken a while to come got it back from Wijnaldum Wijnaldum twisting again Norton helped out by Routledge inside the back of Ossum Firmino to the back of Ossum well there's no dispute in the header from Firmino it was really really powerful but I just wonder you know whether it's a little push in the back of Ossum well here comes Daniel Sturridge he had a quite night out up there within the cup but Philippe Coutinho has quite spread the magic dust in the way he so often does today still feeling his way back from a period out of the game and Sturridge looks to provide a sharp edge 250th club game of his career he has scored in his last two Premier League games against Stoke and at Sunderland and he's straight into it Firmino fell by foot and he's straight into it Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Kevin Friend having to calm things down because it is pretty frantic now from the occasional torpor of the first half we have reached frenzy in the second rightty Wilbur the longer vary coming at the under entry motion is coming from someone that ultimately has been the champion TWG Norton to stop the cross from Milner and could Olsen have done a little bit more in terms of resistance at the back post I still think it was possibly a little push in the back we may have a little look at it later Henderson cracking ball Klein away from Olsen set for Henderson and Fabianski rolls together yeah good run from Klein Henderson's gone for that far corner tried to whip it in didn't get enough on it Sturridge off a different threat now in behind no can he go towards the ball spinning behind the two centre-halves of Swansea Fernandes and Mawson you know Henderson will look to get that ball and look for the run to Sturridge different option now for the Jurgen Klopp side Klein Chan sold Lovren short Mawson slices into touch flies into the net Previously Milly Asõ well on a What a American legend of a showing point out by Carroll shifted forward for Llorente on an Anfield hat-trick here he's crashed into Clavaght who remember was booked in the first half the referee has immediately indicated to him he needn't be concerned along those lines well this will be interesting now we see the replay as you said he was booked in the first half Llorente knocks the ball around him no that's not that's not for me I think that's different for one the first half I don't think he can get out of the way of that one as what the one the first half I think he moved moved towards the play in the first time I think the referee's got that right Robbie I disagree I'm sorry I think he knew exactly what he was doing he recognized that Llorente was getting in behind him for me that's a yellow card and he should be off well let's hear from the ref Howard hi Peter yeah these are really so difficult for the ref you've got to decide could he get out of the way or was there nothing he could do about it I take the view that Robbie has I don't think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that Clavan really can do much about that where can he go really the rental runs into the back of him so I would give him the benefit of the doubt on a second yellow card there I would keep him on the pitch I'll tell you where he could have gone he could have moved out the way Jeff just get over it Jeff Savage won Francis now well the car has stayed in Kevin Friend's pocket but it's a fiery football match now Temperature rising on a sharply cold day on Merseyside. Llorente still feeling it. Clavan still on the field. Look at that. Interesting thing, Peter, is that when he made that challenge, Clavan, Matip went to warm-up, so he might think, Klopp, one more challenge off my centre-half, we might be down to 10 men, we can't afford that, so maybe have a look at that. I think Klopp saw the replay like I did, Rod. Let it go, Trevor! Well done. Well, there is Joel Matip, who's been out of the picture for so long, but might be very much centre-stage before very long. Clavan walking a disciplinary tightrope. Klein. Lovren. Milner. Firmino. Milner. Klein. Up by Cork. Behind by Nathaniel Klein. Another belting game from the Premier League for you on BT Sport 1 and 4K UHD. This tee time from 5 o'clock, we're at the Etihad for Manchester City against Spurs, and directly after that, it is Premier League tonight, 8 o'clock, rounding up and discussing all the issues of the day. Big win by Lovren. Big win by Mawson. Out by Fernandes. Llorente, man of the moment for Swansea. Carroll. Lifted over the top for Routledge, whose first touch shows enough of it to the backtracking Milner. It's a huge half an hour for Liverpool, Peter. If you've got any aspirations of winning the league, you have to be beating teams like Swansea at home. You know, they've got to try and get that equaliser and try and get a winning goal for me. Three points here is a must for Liverpool if they're going to challenge Chelsea to win the Premier League. But for Swansea, as you said, what a win this would be for Paul Clemens, man. Chelsea play tomorrow a very similar sort of fixture. Apparently one-sided home game against one of the bottom three, Hull City. Chan. They will be loving this down at Stamford Bridge. Lallana. Got it back from Firmino. Lallana. Right into Fernandes. And out comes Routledge now, who can... Run for the hills. They take on Claremont, who has to be cautious. That's the job well. But just look how many bodies Swansea had around Lallana. Every single player. Llorente was back. You know, there were almost ten outfield players around there. Just watch this. Look at all them Swansea bodies. There's one, two, three, four, five, six players around that D. Fantastic defending from Swansea. Last touch, James Milner, Swansea corner. And a feather in his cap. This would be so early in his tenure. Fernando Llorente on an Anfield hat-trick. Having scored here his first two away goals of the season. And a natural target in the search for a third. Third. Sigurdsson's delivering. Mawson! Right away, a cross goal. I've got to say, why didn't Fernandes gamble at that near post? Mawson with a header at the near post. Watch Fernandes at the bottom of your picture. Can he gamble a bit more? I think he thinks he's going to hit the post and come back out to him. I think you saw the difference there between a centre-forward and a centre-half. A centre-forward would have anticipated. Unfortunately, the centre-half, you're absolutely right. If he had anticipated, that would have been another goal. 25 minutes to play. Klein for Liverpool. Chasing it. Chan. Henderson. Lovren. Klein. Came down for Wijnaldum. Chan attempting the extravagant. And being penalised. 뭉. Can he do anything aboutından taking back those jerseys? darfim van Aesch kah superhilgek편 pas makaetknij. Chances are, if Neighborhood League also go What will H Perfect唔 gekommen ng tilk', This is to be important. Acting breaks palm. It will? Tell you not exactly if H Perfectつmantelij mo all of a sudden manining ten days straight? 12. Can I imagine that? That's why it's been so long since he had a return invitation. West Ham were the visitors then. He also sent off Mark Noble. Diva Karigi has removed his training top, and he'll be with us soon, too. It's hell for leather now. Kitchen sink time. Quarter of the game to play. Milner. Lallana. Couldn't find Sturridge. Away by Mawson. Protected by Llorente. Great centre-forward play, that. You know, Trevor, we appreciate that centre-forward, the ball up. Bringing people into play. Henderson. Firmino. It's Norton's problem. Firmino's got beyond him. Lallana. Into corner. Fevered urgency now. Never mind Chelsea here. Title hinges on days like this. Emery Chan is going to give way to Diva Karigi. The first to corner. Away from the near post by Fernandes. And it's a goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. What a goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. Kept in by Milner. Quick towards Lovren. Milner. Wijnaldum. That's a sweet take. Aimed in at Firmino. And what a goal! What a goal! How good was that? What a football match it is. What a Liverpool recovery it has been. And there is still more than 20 minutes to play. 2-2. Oh, what a goal! It's a fantastic run from Wijnaldum. That touch there is brilliant. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. Cushing it onto his left foot whilst falling backwards. And then smash it in on the outside. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. Cushing it onto his left foot whilst falling backwards. And then smash it in on the outside. Half-volley is just absolutely unbelievable skill. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. What a goal, Trevor. We've seen some brilliant goals this afternoon. But this is the best of them all. What Fernandes is doing, coming out of his central position, only he will know. He makes it easier for Wijnaldum. It's nothing to challenge. But this is quite brilliant. Chest control, half-volley, terrific power, terrific accuracy. Absolutely top class. There was a question there, and I'll be honest with you about how it things. When Wijnaldum controls the ball, it goes up, hits him on the arm. I don't think that's handball. I think it's unintentional. I think it's good control. It's hit him on the arm, yes. But I think the referee, Kevin Friend, should play on. And I think that's the right decision. Clever. Wijnaldum. Sturridge. Sturridge. Sturridge. 45 minutes passed by, almost without note. 25 minutes since the break, half fizzed by. Thrill after thrill. Swansea with a scarcely believable two goal lead. Swansea with a scarcely believable two goal lead. Liverpool, with a swashbuckling recovery. It's amazing. Before the game, myself, Trevor and Mike Millar were in Munich last night. It's got the win against Freiburg. Very similar goal to that of Firmino, the way he cushioned it on his chest and put it into that far corner. It's got the win against Freiburg. Very similar goal to that of Firmino, the way he cushioned it on his chest and put it into that far corner. Wijnaldum. Milner. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Clever. Henderson. Clyne. This is how Anfield's meant to sound. Henderson. Up by Norton. Lovren. Clyne. Lovren. In advance of Origi, who can keep it alive. Origi's cross. Scooped out treacherously by Fernandes. Suddenly, defensively, Swansea don't look the same. Wijnaldum fouled on him by Routledge. Milner. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. Milner to take. Origi nearest the goalkeeper. Firmino at the back of the queue. Lovren in the thick of it. Firmino at the back of the queue. Lovren in the thick of it. Chabann up too. Chabann up too. Whipped in by Milner. Firmino. Lallana wanted to throw his foot at it. Milner has had a dig. It's come down for Lovren. And now Milner. And then Origi. And out comes Fabianski together. They're gonna kick the ball live. Liverpool, Lallana. Quick feet. Great feet. Everyone, Fabianski's alert. Pounces out. Firmino's there. He's looking for his hat-trick as well, Peter. Pounces out. Pounces out. Pounces out. Norton. Fir. Norton. Fir. Twisting away from Henderson. Twisting away from Henderson. In for Llorente. Taken by Tom Carroll. And this could land to Sigurdsson! And this could land to Sigurdsson! Extraordinary! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Anfield does not know where to look! Anfield does not know where to look! Well, this is incredible. What a second half! Klopp not happy at all! You've got to say it was fantastic feet You've got to say it was fantastic feet from Tom Carroll. Robbie, as soon as it fell to Sigurdsson, you knew where the ball was gonna end up, in the back of the net. Just look at his movement, Sigurdsson. He peeled away. He was fortunate. It was Claven who diverted the ball into his path. It was Claven who diverted the ball into his path. That left-hand side, it's a great finish. That left-hand side, it's a great finish. Mignolet comes out, lifts it over his... Mignolet comes out, lifts it over his... The diving Mignolet into that far corner. What a game! What a second half! Well, this weekend last year, Liverpool won 5-4 at Norwich. Liverpool won 5-4 at Norwich. They had to chase that game later on a couple of times. They've chased this one once already. They have to go and do it all again. They have to go and do it all again. A quarter of an hour to play. A quarter of an hour to play. Did someone say game of two halves? Did someone say game of two halves? Clyne. Swansea out of the bottom three if they cling on. if they cling on. It felt, until that moment, only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. It felt, until that moment, only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. Lovren. Clyne. Henderson. Henderson. Lallana. Sturridge! Sweeped away by Morton. Down by Mawson. Comes to Lallana. Sturridge. He gets a corner. There were some in the clock who wanted more. This is why we love the Premier League. It's end-to-end stuff. It's brilliant. It's Lallana with a ball across. It's Lallana with a ball across. This is Fabianski. This with a little ball into the box now. That hits Sigurdsson on the arm. But he's got his arms to his side. Natural position. Natural position. Milner's ball in. Courts header away. Clyne's had a hit. And it's looped up off Mawson and behind for another corner. And it's looped up off Mawson and behind for another corner. I'm just thinking, with 15, 16 minutes to go, Paul Clemmer hasn't used a sub yet. I think it would be a pretty good idea to get one or two players with defensive qualities on. That's what they need at the moment. Milner's corner. Lovren's up. Origi's turning. Fabianski plunges. Wijnaldum. Henderson. Clyne. Whipped in by Milner. Headed out by Mawson. Awkward for Routledge. Lovren. Milana got away from Mawson. Carroll helped him out. I suppose he sneaked it clear. That's brilliant from Tom Carroll there. Back in his defensive duties there. Good feet in the box. Confident play from Tom Carroll. The two new signers for Swansea have done well today. Olsen and Carroll. Swansea are preparing a defender. Trevor Ancho-Ranchel soon to join. Out by Sigurdsson. Fir. Can run and run. Carroll. Sigurdsson. Foul. And he's out. Olsen. Foul. Foul. Foul. Foul. Foul. Olsen. Olsen. Wovrum with a well-timed tackle. Routledge. Brilliant from Wayne Routledge. And it did stay in. Olsen. Olsen. Olsen. Llorente. And it's in. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. no. No. No. No. No. Routledge. And yeah. Routledge. 14. And a win for Ancho-Ranchel. Yeah. Oh. confidence boost would this be for that man's team and Jill's throat Routledge in for your rent a down again by court in thumps Milner court found Carroll really grown into this game next week is FA Cup week of course three ties for you from the fourth round starting lunchtime on Saturday with Liverpool Wolves tee time Saturday Southampton Arsenal and lunchtime Sunday of beauty Sutton against Leeds United 10 minutes to play Clavin Klein Firmino Origi spooned up high by court came down again for Firmino Milner love room love runs having it finger you can hear the majority I'm feel when he pulls his foot back they go in no that's a great strike possibly going over but I'll be asked to make sure Milner in front of the car by Fernandez hook back in by Lallana down the throat of Fabian ski this history might eventually show could be defined as the day when it got away from Jurgen Klopp it could be Tuesday week as the date when they are split in the Tuesday week is the date when they are split in the it could be Tuesday week is the date when they are split in the five highest two reeling Chelsea in they can't be reel in Chelsea in time it's horrible get away the pen friendly this morning to be here for a game which for them could be defined as one of the I was there games Origi Swansea did win a League Cup tie here in October 2012 they won an FA Cup tie here in February of 1964 but they've never won a league game here very long ago 1990 they lost an FA Cup third round replay here 8-0 rush three bonds two and a few others water has gone under their bridge since then they are seven and a half minutes away from the standout win of their troubled season so far you another 20 change upcoming bocha to be a part of the drama taken with a moving ball good win by storage out by Fernandez came to fear me no bounce back out for good win by storage out by Fulham  nice little foul for Ronaldo there doing his defensive duties will lose his hat-trick change is one that will deny cars E lesson an opportunity to complete it's now trick on the 10 for number 9, Spaniard for Spaniard. In place of the big fella from Pamplona. It's Madrid's Borja Bastón. And the message is clear, CS over the line. Nearly there. Lovren, Clavan, Lallana, Milner. Towards Firmino, away by Fernandes. Liverpool have another. They're attacking base camp now. Lallana. Milner. Firmino. Henderson. Lallana. And still. And still Lallana. Off the bar. Back across by Sturridge. Lallana. Has cleared the crossbar. Everything but. That man Lallana once again at the heart of everything Liverpool do. With Firmino. He got a bit of luck there. But then that little thing towards the back post. Sturridge with a poor ball. It's Lallana again. He just can't guide that head into the far corner. Liverpool pressing for the equaliser. Will it come, Trevor? I'm trying to answer the question. All I'm going to say is the last five minutes, it's going to be one way traffic. Liverpool pounding that goal. The Kop roaring them on. Will they score? Well, you just feel that for the character Swansea have showed, they deserve to get something from this game. Henderson. Lallana couldn't take it. Routledge scurrying forward again. He has support from Fir. He has Borja ahead of him. Fir ran into Henderson. Henderson's been penalised. It's a great little step over from Leroy Fir there. I would think that Sigurdsson may become slightly interested in this free kick. . Carroll has gone over to the dead ball. But Trevor, you're absolutely right. Sigurdsson is the senior citizen under these circumstances. . What he says in a set-piece situation for Swansea tends to go. . Four-man Liverpool wall. . . Swansea haven't committed much for this. . Hints perhaps at a shot at goal. . Sigurdsson. . Target. . Just starts it a little too wide, didn't he? . But at least it didn't go in the goalkeeper's hands. That's also important. . All out. . SG. . . . . December 3, 2010. . . . . . . Oh. Oh. Oh. . V. . Lallana, Klein, Firmino, Lovren, Henderson, Clavan. In by Milner, out by Fernandes. Angel Rangel for Borja. Strong block, tap up from Henderson. Header away is by Mawson. Foul is by Klein. And here's the other party, actually, Fir for simulation. And that's a good decision, even from this distance. Fir went to ground, there was no contact. You can always judge it, too, by the reaction of the player. He's not disputed it. In by Milner. Fabianski claims 30 seconds plus stoppage time. I tell you what, the Swansea players will be looking to that board, how much injury time there's been. Five goals this second half, there's been substitutions. I would say at least five or six minutes for these Swansea fans and players to get through. And as much as we're bound to concentrate on the effect this will have on... Chelsea and Tottenham and Arsenal and Manchester City. Think what this is doing in the dressing rooms of Sunderland and Hull and Crystal Palace. Five minutes to play. Never mind those above who could get sucked in. Middlesbrough and Leicester and Watford. Liverpool wanted to play on then. Kevin Friend overlooked the possibility of advantage. And it is a free kick. And the whole Liverpool bench up there, raising up the officials. And the goalkeeper is now in the back of the net. And the goalkeeper is now in the back of the net. Everybody bar Klein and the keeper committed in red. In by Milner. Wijnaldum. Angel Rangel away. Henderson. Forced to recycle by Routledge. Klein. Milner. Lofted up towards Origi. And it's a goal. It's come last at the Liverpool man. It's a goal kick. Liverpool there resorting to long ball. You know there's a few things last week said about Manchester United doing that. At Old Trafford. This Liverpool side now playing straight long balls to Origi. Needs must. Paul Clement. New into the job. Earning his spurs in the Premier League. And he's going for it. And it's almost a goal. And it's almost a goal. And close here to earning a spectacular spur. Player down is Clavin. Lovren. Origi. Wijnaldum. Wijnaldum's cross. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. And embraces it. Frozen to the spot by fear. The fear that only comes with hope. Roy Fir. He's indicating that he's going to have to come off. So this is going to add time to added time. He's going to have to come off. He's the goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. could be one of Swansea's best-ever wins as a football club. You can see the 49 goals before today, in the bottom three, Liverpool going for the title, you get back to 2-2, then you go and possibly get the winner, this could be one of Swansea's best-ever results in club football. Che Fulton will be a Leroy First replacement. Liverpool also have Joel Matip to throw on, probably as an auxiliary centre-forward. Mawson away from Origi. Your guess is as good as mine in terms of how much more time we have to play. Fulton finally joins in, Wijnaldum gives way to Matip. Who has not a defensive inclination in him right now. That's amazing, as I said earlier to Trevor, Matip now playing as a centre-forward, Liverpool are going to launch balls into the box. A few people criticised Jose Mourinho last weekend for going a bit more direct, beating Liverpool's press. Our man of the match, Fernando Llorente. No prizes for guessing. 30 seconds plus whatever is in the gift of Kevin Friend. It's prayer time. They are heading out of the bottom three. Sturridge. By the end of the weekend, Liverpool could be heading out of the top three. The captain calls them.