at Anfield. Only three teams have prevented them from scoring. West Ham in the FA Cup last year, Manchester United in the Premier League in October, and just a couple of weeks ago, Plymouth Argyle. Swansea to this point have done a very, very good job of stifling them. Where, Trevor Francis, would you go from out of the Liverpool dressing room into this second half? What would I change? Yes, nothing at the moment. I would give these players the opportunity to improve on what they did in the first half, knowing full well that if they don't improve after another 15, 20 minutes, we've got the options of Origi and Sturridge, who can come off the bench. Liverpool do have a pretty potent bench. Those two as well, of course, is the young whippersnapper Woodburn, all potential goal-getters. And from the Swansea part of you, Peter, I'd say, you know, same again. Try and limit them to a bit less time on the ball, like Dean Sona said at half-time. But you can keep defending the way you have and nick a set piece and get them in forwards. You know, you might nick a win. Second away from Llorente, but recathered by Mawson, who stayed forward here. Norton, Routledge. Llorente. Norton sharply in towards the end. And back behind without too much control by Dejan Lovren at a cheap early Swansea corner. That all came about through the forward run of Leroy Furr. He adds another body into the box. Lovren gets a little bit distracted. He's not absolutely 100 percent sure. He panics a little bit and heads it out for a corner. Sigurdsson will take. The Anfield road end. Some angst-ridden ground. Sigurdsson with great loft towards Fernandes, who won the header. And Llorente scores! Now that wasn't meant to happen. Swansea City, against all odds, have snatched the lead at a near-silent Anfield. Well, we just said, can Swansea nick a goal from a set piece? It's Sigurdsson with the outsmart. Llorente just peels off Firmino. He kept the ball alive. Routledge. You know, and he's toe-poked it into the net. Llorente. Through the legs of Wijnaldum. 1-0 Swansea City. It's a great header from Fernandes. Routledge kept it alive. And Paul Clement gets the lead at Anfield. The first Premier League goal of the Clement era. And what a goal. Now Liverpool have it to chase on their own territory. In a manner with which they are not recently familiar. That wasn't printed on the match ticket. With the reaction, it's resolve. weekuc 70 Vice President Robert aza. There comes Norton Fulcock… A year and four days since Liverpool lost on this ground in the Premier League to a Wayne Rooney goal. and a goal Trevor that came about as a result of a corner that really oughtn't to have been well you felt that the most likely inroad for a goal for Swansea was going to be from the set piece that's why I couldn't understand early in the first half and they didn't load it into the box when they were given a free kick but it was a good header from Fernandes he got over the top of Lovren who was back peddling so Fernandes was always favourite but Rangnish did well to keep it alive and a little toe pump from Llorente finished it off and that has given us what we wanted an early goal and it'll bring Liverpool out looking in search of an equalizer but it's not what the home fans expected for the neutral watching at home this game now should be a bit more lively you know who'd have thought Swansea come here one nil up so early in the second half Liverpool now have got to come out play quicker play sharper and as you said Peter as soon as that goal went in Sturridge and Origi went to warm-up Klein Chan Lovren Liverpool based on the experience of this season have to know have to believe that they are well capable of turning this round the one salvation for them is that that Swansea goal did come so early in the second half there is plenty of time for a rescue but these three points for Swansea would carry them out of the bottom three above Palace hole and Sunderland oh Titino by Routledge Klavan seen by Olsen there's that ball again wide it in 0 Mike Lowe alluded to a half-time that they've ran him into their they're not unstoppable the good goal was in their handsMan Winni Mary two w россий izabela that they're forcing Liverpool wide, they're protecting the middle of the goal, they've got numbers in that area, you can't slip little quick balls through to Firmino or Lallana, Coutinho's ball's been cut out, and Swansea's game plan is working so, so well. Sturridge, Eber-Ricky, waiting their moment if required. Firmino, Wijnaldum, Coutinho behind Lallana. And clear by Cork. And another moment has gone away. Just thought Coutinho could have hit that on time with his left foot. Tried to pull the ball back. That was a good move from Liverpool. Wijnaldum's pass to Coutinho, I thought he could have hit it first time, on his left foot instead he went for the ball back. Olsen's on his way. Clyne is labouring to stay with him. Oh! Carroll on the overlap, it's Carroll's cross, Llorente! How about it?! That's a number nine goal! And Anfield is stunned. Better than he dared dream, Swansea have a two-goal lead. Oh, what a header from Llorente! It's Olsen down this left side, it's a good run. And the little flick he produces to Carroll's brilliant, and then the quality of the cross is absolutely brilliant. And just look at the leap, Llorente gets powers over the Liverpool defenders, and heads it into the corner of the net. What a header, what a goal, what a ball, Swansea 2-up, Trev. That's the reason why the big fella's in the team, right? He's the tallest player on the field, he's the best head of the ball, he needs the service, and that is as good a cross as you're gonna find anywhere this afternoon. Absolutely brilliant. The history of these two clubs has in common one mighty number nine and centre-forward one, John Toshack. That was a Toshack header. And the Premier League weekend is opening with a shocker. And of course not only that, that finishing mark of the away final. But I can't believe it has happened like that at the moment. That was looking... God. Passing it down here with texto too – intercept, disrespect. Then a big ball on the side looks like a big Arkansas monster. And that set off to an incredible lay-in and is Øyzyý's result. He may or may not be a greatInspector at Manchester United going next as he gets one from this. shows off a impressivebringen skating doct TeaS mét Laire who has been unt cider thinking although he didn't know we were watching theseWoman ENF hundreds of definitely go back and reaction to having Beijo Adea a few disclose theかった Hattick's shouting girl's new sport as new- adversity has come to a good start. they have never won a league game on this ground Henderson Klein Lovren Clavan Henderson Lallana got a kind bounce off Carroll Henderson sweeping it out towards Milner face to face with Norton Milner's cross Camino now the Kop's part of it Liverpool get their teeth into it finally what a thrilling start to the second half Liverpool won and now Swansea 2 yeah look how high up the park Milner was a 2-0 down but the quality of this cross too was fantastic the in-swinger and Firmino he peels on the back of Olsen it's a great header once again back where it came from powers over Olsen fantastic header 2-1 what a difference the goal makes what a difference three goals make Lallana the place is bouncing now Coutinho out by Fernandes Lovren Liverpool with wind in their collective sail Firmino it's taken a while to come got it back from Wijnaldum Wijnaldum twisting again Norton helped out by Routledge inside the back of Ossum Firmino to the back of Ossum well there's no dispute in the header from Firmino it was really really powerful but I just wonder you know whether it's a little push in the back of Ossum well here comes Daniel Sturridge he had a quite night out up there within the cup but Philippe Coutinho has quite spread the magic dust in the way he so often does today still feeling his way back from a period out of the game and Sturridge looks to provide a sharp edge 250th club game of his career he has scored in his last two Premier League games against Stoke and at Sunderland and he's straight into it Firmino fell by foot and he's straight into it Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Firmino fell by foot Kevin Friend having to calm things down because it is pretty frantic now from the occasional torpor of the first half we have reached frenzy in the second rightty Wilbur the longer vary coming at the under entry motion is coming from someone that ultimately has been the champion TWG Norton to stop the cross from Milner and could Olsen have done a little bit more in terms of resistance at the back post I still think it was possibly a little push in the back we may have a little look at it later Henderson cracking ball Klein away from Olsen set for Henderson and Fabianski rolls together yeah good run from Klein Henderson's gone for that far corner tried to whip it in didn't get enough on it Sturridge off a different threat now in behind no can he go towards the ball spinning behind the two centre-halves of Swansea Fernandes and Mawson you know Henderson will look to get that ball and look for the run to Sturridge different option now for the Jurgen Klopp side Klein Chan sold Lovren short Mawson slices into touch flies into the net Previously Milly Asõ well on a What a American legend of a showing point out by Carroll shifted forward for Llorente on an Anfield hat-trick here he's crashed into Clavaght who remember was booked in the first half the referee has immediately indicated to him he needn't be concerned along those lines well this will be interesting now we see the replay as you said he was booked in the first half Llorente knocks the ball around him no that's not that's not for me I think that's different for one the first half I don't think he can get out of the way of that one as what the one the first half I think he moved moved towards the play in the first time I think the referee's got that right Robbie I disagree I'm sorry I think he knew exactly what he was doing he recognized that Llorente was getting in behind him for me that's a yellow card and he should be off well let's hear from the ref Howard hi Peter yeah these are really so difficult for the ref you've got to decide could he get out of the way or was there nothing he could do about it I take the view that Robbie has I don't think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that I think he's got the right to do that Clavan really can do much about that where can he go really the rental runs into the back of him so I would give him the benefit of the doubt on a second yellow card there I would keep him on the pitch I'll tell you where he could have gone he could have moved out the way Jeff just get over it Jeff Savage won Francis now well the car has stayed in Kevin Friend's pocket but it's a fiery football match now Temperature rising on a sharply cold day on Merseyside. Llorente still feeling it. Clavan still on the field. Look at that. Interesting thing, Peter, is that when he made that challenge, Clavan, Matip went to warm-up, so he might think, Klopp, one more challenge off my centre-half, we might be down to 10 men, we can't afford that, so maybe have a look at that. I think Klopp saw the replay like I did, Rod. Let it go, Trevor! Well done. Well, there is Joel Matip, who's been out of the picture for so long, but might be very much centre-stage before very long. Clavan walking a disciplinary tightrope. Klein. Lovren. Milner. Firmino. Milner. Klein. Up by Cork. Behind by Nathaniel Klein. Another belting game from the Premier League for you on BT Sport 1 and 4K UHD. This tee time from 5 o'clock, we're at the Etihad for Manchester City against Spurs, and directly after that, it is Premier League tonight, 8 o'clock, rounding up and discussing all the issues of the day. Big win by Lovren. Big win by Mawson. Out by Fernandes. Llorente, man of the moment for Swansea. Carroll. Lifted over the top for Routledge, whose first touch shows enough of it to the backtracking Milner. It's a huge half an hour for Liverpool, Peter. If you've got any aspirations of winning the league, you have to be beating teams like Swansea at home. You know, they've got to try and get that equaliser and try and get a winning goal for me. Three points here is a must for Liverpool if they're going to challenge Chelsea to win the Premier League. But for Swansea, as you said, what a win this would be for Paul Clemens, man. Chelsea play tomorrow a very similar sort of fixture. Apparently one-sided home game against one of the bottom three, Hull City. Chan. They will be loving this down at Stamford Bridge. Lallana. Got it back from Firmino. Lallana. Right into Fernandes. And out comes Routledge now, who can... Run for the hills. They take on Claremont, who has to be cautious. That's the job well. But just look how many bodies Swansea had around Lallana. Every single player. Llorente was back. You know, there were almost ten outfield players around there. Just watch this. Look at all them Swansea bodies. There's one, two, three, four, five, six players around that D. Fantastic defending from Swansea. Last touch, James Milner, Swansea corner. And a feather in his cap. This would be so early in his tenure. Fernando Llorente on an Anfield hat-trick. Having scored here his first two away goals of the season. And a natural target in the search for a third. Third. Sigurdsson's delivering. Mawson! Right away, a cross goal. I've got to say, why didn't Fernandes gamble at that near post? Mawson with a header at the near post. Watch Fernandes at the bottom of your picture. Can he gamble a bit more? I think he thinks he's going to hit the post and come back out to him. I think you saw the difference there between a centre-forward and a centre-half. A centre-forward would have anticipated. Unfortunately, the centre-half, you're absolutely right. If he had anticipated, that would have been another goal. 25 minutes to play. Klein for Liverpool. Chasing it. Chan. Henderson. Lovren. Klein. Came down for Wijnaldum. Chan attempting the extravagant. And being penalised. 뭉. Can he do anything aboutından taking back those jerseys? darfim van Aesch kah superhilgek편 pas makaetknij. Chances are, if Neighborhood League also go What will H Perfect唔 gekommen ng tilk', This is to be important. Acting breaks palm. It will? Tell you not exactly if H Perfectつmantelij mo all of a sudden manining ten days straight? 12. Can I imagine that? That's why it's been so long since he had a return invitation. West Ham were the visitors then. He also sent off Mark Noble. Diva Karigi has removed his training top, and he'll be with us soon, too. It's hell for leather now. Kitchen sink time. Quarter of the game to play. Milner. Lallana. Couldn't find Sturridge. Away by Mawson. Protected by Llorente. Great centre-forward play, that. You know, Trevor, we appreciate that centre-forward, the ball up. Bringing people into play. Henderson. Firmino. It's Norton's problem. Firmino's got beyond him. Lallana. Into corner. Fevered urgency now. Never mind Chelsea here. Title hinges on days like this. Emery Chan is going to give way to Diva Karigi. The first to corner. Away from the near post by Fernandes. And it's a goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. What a goal by Van Aert. A goal by Van Aert. Kept in by Milner. Quick towards Lovren. Milner. Wijnaldum. That's a sweet take. Aimed in at Firmino. And what a goal! What a goal! How good was that? What a football match it is. What a Liverpool recovery it has been. And there is still more than 20 minutes to play. 2-2. Oh, what a goal! It's a fantastic run from Wijnaldum. That touch there is brilliant. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. Cushing it onto his left foot whilst falling backwards. And then smash it in on the outside. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. Cushing it onto his left foot whilst falling backwards. And then smash it in on the outside. Half-volley is just absolutely unbelievable skill. And then Firmino to back into his left back Olsen. What a goal, Trevor. We've seen some brilliant goals this afternoon. But this is the best of them all. What Fernandes is doing, coming out of his central position, only he will know. He makes it easier for Wijnaldum. It's nothing to challenge. But this is quite brilliant. Chest control, half-volley, terrific power, terrific accuracy. Absolutely top class. There was a question there, and I'll be honest with you about how it things. When Wijnaldum controls the ball, it goes up, hits him on the arm. I don't think that's handball. I think it's unintentional. I think it's good control. It's hit him on the arm, yes. But I think the referee, Kevin Friend, should play on. And I think that's the right decision. Clever. Wijnaldum. Sturridge. Sturridge. Sturridge. 45 minutes passed by, almost without note. 25 minutes since the break, half fizzed by. Thrill after thrill. Swansea with a scarcely believable two goal lead. Swansea with a scarcely believable two goal lead. Liverpool, with a swashbuckling recovery. It's amazing. Before the game, myself, Trevor and Mike Millar were in Munich last night. It's got the win against Freiburg. Very similar goal to that of Firmino, the way he cushioned it on his chest and put it into that far corner. It's got the win against Freiburg. Very similar goal to that of Firmino, the way he cushioned it on his chest and put it into that far corner. Wijnaldum. Milner. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Clever. Henderson. Clyne. This is how Anfield's meant to sound. Henderson. Up by Norton. Lovren. Clyne. Lovren. In advance of Origi, who can keep it alive. Origi's cross. Scooped out treacherously by Fernandes. Suddenly, defensively, Swansea don't look the same. Wijnaldum fouled on him by Routledge. Milner. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. An in-and-out. Milner to take. Origi nearest the goalkeeper. Firmino at the back of the queue. Lovren in the thick of it. Firmino at the back of the queue. Lovren in the thick of it. Chabann up too. Chabann up too. Whipped in by Milner. Firmino. Lallana wanted to throw his foot at it. Milner has had a dig. It's come down for Lovren. And now Milner. And then Origi. And out comes Fabianski together. They're gonna kick the ball live. Liverpool, Lallana. Quick feet. Great feet. Everyone, Fabianski's alert. Pounces out. Firmino's there. He's looking for his hat-trick as well, Peter. Pounces out. Pounces out. Pounces out. Norton. Fir. Norton. Fir. Twisting away from Henderson. Twisting away from Henderson. In for Llorente. Taken by Tom Carroll. And this could land to Sigurdsson! And this could land to Sigurdsson! Extraordinary! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Swansea have stolen their lead back! Anfield does not know where to look! Anfield does not know where to look! Well, this is incredible. What a second half! Klopp not happy at all! You've got to say it was fantastic feet You've got to say it was fantastic feet from Tom Carroll. Robbie, as soon as it fell to Sigurdsson, you knew where the ball was gonna end up, in the back of the net. Just look at his movement, Sigurdsson. He peeled away. He was fortunate. It was Claven who diverted the ball into his path. It was Claven who diverted the ball into his path. That left-hand side, it's a great finish. That left-hand side, it's a great finish. Mignolet comes out, lifts it over his... Mignolet comes out, lifts it over his... The diving Mignolet into that far corner. What a game! What a second half! Well, this weekend last year, Liverpool won 5-4 at Norwich. Liverpool won 5-4 at Norwich. They had to chase that game later on a couple of times. They've chased this one once already. They have to go and do it all again. They have to go and do it all again. A quarter of an hour to play. A quarter of an hour to play. Did someone say game of two halves? Did someone say game of two halves? Clyne. Swansea out of the bottom three if they cling on. if they cling on. It felt, until that moment, only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. It felt, until that moment, only a matter of time before Liverpool went ahead. Lovren. Clyne. Henderson. Henderson. Lallana. Sturridge! Sweeped away by Morton. Down by Mawson. Comes to Lallana. Sturridge. He gets a corner. There were some in the clock who wanted more. This is why we love the Premier League. It's end-to-end stuff. It's brilliant. It's Lallana with a ball across. It's Lallana with a ball across. This is Fabianski. This with a little ball into the box now. That hits Sigurdsson on the arm. But he's got his arms to his side. Natural position. Natural position. Milner's ball in. Courts header away. Clyne's had a hit. And it's looped up off Mawson and behind for another corner. And it's looped up off Mawson and behind for another corner. I'm just thinking, with 15, 16 minutes to go, Paul Clemmer hasn't used a sub yet. I think it would be a pretty good idea to get one or two players with defensive qualities on. That's what they need at the moment. Milner's corner. Lovren's up. Origi's turning. Fabianski plunges. Wijnaldum. Henderson. Clyne. Whipped in by Milner. Headed out by Mawson. Awkward for Routledge. Lovren. Milana got away from Mawson. Carroll helped him out. I suppose he sneaked it clear. That's brilliant from Tom Carroll there. Back in his defensive duties there. Good feet in the box. Confident play from Tom Carroll. The two new signers for Swansea have done well today. Olsen and Carroll. Swansea are preparing a defender. Trevor Ancho-Ranchel soon to join. Out by Sigurdsson. Fir. Can run and run. Carroll. Sigurdsson. Foul. And he's out. Olsen. Foul. Foul. Foul. Foul. Foul. Olsen. Olsen. Wovrum with a well-timed tackle. Routledge. Brilliant from Wayne Routledge. And it did stay in. Olsen. Olsen. Olsen. Llorente. And it's in. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. no. No. No. No. No. Routledge. And yeah. Routledge. 14. And a win for Ancho-Ranchel. Yeah. Oh. confidence boost would this be for that man's team and Jill's throat Routledge in for your rent a down again by court in thumps Milner court found Carroll really grown into this game next week is FA Cup week of course three ties for you from the fourth round starting lunchtime on Saturday with Liverpool Wolves tee time Saturday Southampton Arsenal and lunchtime Sunday of beauty Sutton against Leeds United 10 minutes to play Clavin Klein Firmino Origi spooned up high by court came down again for Firmino Milner love room love runs having it finger you can hear the majority I'm feel when he pulls his foot back they go in no that's a great strike possibly going over but I'll be asked to make sure Milner in front of the car by Fernandez hook back in by Lallana down the throat of Fabian ski this history might eventually show could be defined as the day when it got away from Jurgen Klopp it could be Tuesday week as the date when they are split in the Tuesday week is the date when they are split in the it could be Tuesday week is the date when they are split in the five highest two reeling Chelsea in they can't be reel in Chelsea in time it's horrible get away the pen friendly this morning to be here for a game which for them could be defined as one of the I was there games Origi Swansea did win a League Cup tie here in October 2012 they won an FA Cup tie here in February of 1964 but they've never won a league game here very long ago 1990 they lost an FA Cup third round replay here 8-0 rush three bonds two and a few others water has gone under their bridge since then they are seven and a half minutes away from the standout win of their troubled season so far you another 20 change upcoming bocha to be a part of the drama taken with a moving ball good win by storage out by Fernandez came to fear me no bounce back out for good win by storage out by Fulham  nice little foul for Ronaldo there doing his defensive duties will lose his hat-trick change is one that will deny cars E lesson an opportunity to complete it's now trick on the 10 for number 9, Spaniard for Spaniard. In place of the big fella from Pamplona. It's Madrid's Borja Bastón. And the message is clear, CS over the line. Nearly there. Lovren, Clavan, Lallana, Milner. Towards Firmino, away by Fernandes. Liverpool have another. They're attacking base camp now. Lallana. Milner. Firmino. Henderson. Lallana. And still. And still Lallana. Off the bar. Back across by Sturridge. Lallana. Has cleared the crossbar. Everything but. That man Lallana once again at the heart of everything Liverpool do. With Firmino. He got a bit of luck there. But then that little thing towards the back post. Sturridge with a poor ball. It's Lallana again. He just can't guide that head into the far corner. Liverpool pressing for the equaliser. Will it come, Trevor? I'm trying to answer the question. All I'm going to say is the last five minutes, it's going to be one way traffic. Liverpool pounding that goal. The Kop roaring them on. Will they score? Well, you just feel that for the character Swansea have showed, they deserve to get something from this game. Henderson. Lallana couldn't take it. Routledge scurrying forward again. He has support from Fir. He has Borja ahead of him. Fir ran into Henderson. Henderson's been penalised. It's a great little step over from Leroy Fir there. I would think that Sigurdsson may become slightly interested in this free kick. . Carroll has gone over to the dead ball. But Trevor, you're absolutely right. Sigurdsson is the senior citizen under these circumstances. . What he says in a set-piece situation for Swansea tends to go. . Four-man Liverpool wall. . . Swansea haven't committed much for this. . Hints perhaps at a shot at goal. . Sigurdsson. . Target. . Just starts it a little too wide, didn't he? . But at least it didn't go in the goalkeeper's hands. That's also important. . All out. . SG. . . . . December 3, 2010. . . . . . . Oh. Oh. Oh. . V. . Lallana, Klein, Firmino, Lovren, Henderson, Clavan. In by Milner, out by Fernandes. Angel Rangel for Borja. Strong block, tap up from Henderson. Header away is by Mawson. Foul is by Klein. And here's the other party, actually, Fir for simulation. And that's a good decision, even from this distance. Fir went to ground, there was no contact. You can always judge it, too, by the reaction of the player. He's not disputed it. In by Milner. Fabianski claims 30 seconds plus stoppage time. I tell you what, the Swansea players will be looking to that board, how much injury time there's been. Five goals this second half, there's been substitutions. I would say at least five or six minutes for these Swansea fans and players to get through. And as much as we're bound to concentrate on the effect this will have on... Chelsea and Tottenham and Arsenal and Manchester City. Think what this is doing in the dressing rooms of Sunderland and Hull and Crystal Palace. Five minutes to play. Never mind those above who could get sucked in. Middlesbrough and Leicester and Watford. Liverpool wanted to play on then. Kevin Friend overlooked the possibility of advantage. And it is a free kick. And the whole Liverpool bench up there, raising up the officials. And the goalkeeper is now in the back of the net. And the goalkeeper is now in the back of the net. Everybody bar Klein and the keeper committed in red. In by Milner. Wijnaldum. Angel Rangel away. Henderson. Forced to recycle by Routledge. Klein. Milner. Lofted up towards Origi. And it's a goal. It's come last at the Liverpool man. It's a goal kick. Liverpool there resorting to long ball. You know there's a few things last week said about Manchester United doing that. At Old Trafford. This Liverpool side now playing straight long balls to Origi. Needs must. Paul Clement. New into the job. Earning his spurs in the Premier League. And he's going for it. And it's almost a goal. And it's almost a goal. And close here to earning a spectacular spur. Player down is Clavin. Lovren. Origi. Wijnaldum. Wijnaldum's cross. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. Fabianski. And embraces it. Frozen to the spot by fear. The fear that only comes with hope. Roy Fir. He's indicating that he's going to have to come off. So this is going to add time to added time. He's going to have to come off. He's the goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. could be one of Swansea's best-ever wins as a football club. You can see the 49 goals before today, in the bottom three, Liverpool going for the title, you get back to 2-2, then you go and possibly get the winner, this could be one of Swansea's best-ever results in club football. Che Fulton will be a Leroy First replacement. Liverpool also have Joel Matip to throw on, probably as an auxiliary centre-forward. Mawson away from Origi. Your guess is as good as mine in terms of how much more time we have to play. Fulton finally joins in, Wijnaldum gives way to Matip. Who has not a defensive inclination in him right now. That's amazing, as I said earlier to Trevor, Matip now playing as a centre-forward, Liverpool are going to launch balls into the box. A few people criticised Jose Mourinho last weekend for going a bit more direct, beating Liverpool's press. Our man of the match, Fernando Llorente. No prizes for guessing. 30 seconds plus whatever is in the gift of Kevin Friend. It's prayer time. They are heading out of the bottom three. Sturridge. By the end of the weekend, Liverpool could be heading out of the top three. The captain calls them. and away we go, Liverpool kicking away from the cup as they prefer in the first half and here is Dejan Lovren, Klavan still no matip but he's waiting in the wings if required it's minus him and I guess minus Sadio Mane pretty well Liverpool's first 11 today after a period of differences around the edges and indeed core differences for cup ties Wijnaldum, Lovren, Chan, Klein can't keep it in, Robbie Savage you've had a good record on this ground principally of course as an underdog you won here several times for Leicester and Birmingham what do you say to Swansea about their mindset coming into this? Yeah I come here with Leicester City and Birmingham and we had a good record against Liverpool what we did we went for it we didn't sit back let Liverpool take authority in the game keep the ball and basically wait to get beat we were on the front foot you know I had some good performances here so you know you see the way Swansea have started you know as Trevor said earlier more like the four five one formation extra midfielder in you know Liverpool have all the ball you know it looks like Swansea are gonna play on the counter attack no look from left back John Pleas to see it's a freezing cold day short sleeves no gloves that's what it should be like man's game and all that well that's Lallana's giveaway pounced upon by a Rauklitsch aimed up towards Sigurdsson who's offering attacking impetus from the left-hand side sometimes of course plays infield if they're in a number 10 position Clavan, Chan Lovren now Klein properly involved for the first time Henderson Lallana early problem for the new left fullback Olsen taken in neatly by Firmino spread by Henderson it has got through to Milner Chan's gone ahead of him here's Coutinho face to face with Norton Chan Milner went beyond him Henderson pondered the shot lifted it in instead towards Wijnaldum and it's third in behind for a goal kick but whenever you go away from home it's absolutely imperative as the away side you start well and make sure you don't concede anything early on suggestion there of offside it didn't matter the ball went out of play you can see clearly that Paul Clements set up with a four or five one formation allowing Liverpool to have plenty of possession in deep areas Markus Fabianski has been amongst the premier league's busiest goalkeepers he's kept just a few minutes away from home and he's been a great player in the Premier League for the past two years. Fabianski has been amongst the Premier League's busiest goalkeepers he's kept just a few minutes away from home and he's been a great player in the Premier League for the past two years. three clean sheets in his 21 league games up to now his goal kick is welcomed in here by Clyde Lallana Henderson Chan Milner Coutinho Quibe Sanchez Henderson looking to steer it beyond Routlichkeit who stood his ground firmly and was helped out by Leroy Fir and was helped out by Leroy Fir которого third young charlotte Limaroc対 Washingtonreich Martial who coached largely under Ancelotti of course at Chelsea satisfaction as the players говоря chiwillem studying for Man에 gemaakt уг간ہ parents ض� and Munich barely lost a game after Christmas here in Ancelotti, just one of 16 in the Bundesliga, one of 18 domestic games he lost, already lost 2 of 2 with Swansea, it's a different kettle of fish it's a big big ask but he's an intelligent man, a real football thinker and a coach who's learnt from bottom up and has learnt to deal with some of the biggest players in the world We've just seen there the press from Liverpool Alana, as Dean Saunders said before the game he starts to press, such great work rate he could be the trigger, he's the one that goes and everybody follows him Bolsen back out of the Championship he's well versed in Premier League relegation battles he has to be clear, well kept in by Norton for Routledge his fur Captain Cork Bolsen looking forward for Carroll on his second Swansea debut couldn't keep it in scored once in 18 games for Swansea a couple of seasons ago when they had their best ever finish in the Premier League but he wasn't getting a start for Tottenham this year in fact his last competitive game and the total of football was on this ground when Spurs went out of the League Cup in October Milner Chan Milner it's a sharp pass into the instep of Coutinho and now Clines on the overlap Lallana ahead of him Wijnaldum alongside there is Lallana I'll show just too much of it to Carroll nice touch from Sigurdsson, Cork Carroll Childs Cork Olsen showing some adventure When Liverpool had the ball back there Swansea looked to press as well but you see the quality of the players Liverpool have, they receive the ball in tight areas and they want to play out it was a fantastic move up until they got to Lallana and then Swansea calls it down but Swansea looked to press Liverpool Jordan Henderson was the other absentee he was arguably most sorely missed when he was out of the side beautiful spread for Klein Klein has lifted it in towards Firmino make a chance to re-rehearse that Olsen across to meet him see the way Liverpool play as well Peter with Firmino or Coutinho or Lallana if they come inside the full backs play so high up the park Milner and Klein you know they could be an option an outlet for Henderson if you watch Henderson when the ball comes to him you know he knows exactly where his full backs are and he can play a blind pass Wijnaldum, Milner, Chan and Klavan Clavant which place must become vulnerable now to the returning Joel Matip with a big semi-final coming up in the week Wijnaldum terrific precision on his pass Klein teasing Olsen partially out by Cork fetched by Firmino Wijnaldum Wijnaldum away from Fir a pair of competitive Dutchmen going toe-to-toe in midfield there wide again from Wijnaldum Klein Henderson with Witt Chan with the header he ought surely to have hit the target the key to this is the pace of the ball whipped in I think it's the right full-back Norton who allows Chan to get in the way of the ball I think it's the right full-back Norton who allows Chan to get in the way of the ball Mon Cherie who used to be a too good offensive defender can so easily have been the opening goal you feel that Chan should have got that on target January Dec there was a suspicion that he was a yard ahead of the last man the flag might have gone up had it become pertinent the flag might have gone up had it become pertinent the flag might have gone up had it become pertinent Sigurdsson on his way, Clavan strong enough, no foul. Norton, Cork, Mawson, Olsen. He's played 20 games for Norwich in the Championship this year. A little bit of Paul Clement experience at Blackburn as indeed did his twin brother I think Olsen may find that there'll be occasions this afternoon directly in front of him there'll be nobody because Zigertsen is asked to play on the left-hand side and can already see that there's a reluctance from him to push out into that wide area. Most of his success has come in central areas where we know he's a recognized goalscorer. Well Routledge just want to throw for Swansea deep in Liverpool territory and Norton has taken it driven it against the heels of Coutinho Shannon able to clear, forward again by Fernandes and nicked away by Henderson. Swansea in the midst of this startlingly difficult period of fixtures starting last weekend the sequence of six games of which four are or were against the current top six. The clear on by Firmino, bravely out by Mawson, sharp touch from Routledge. Fernandes, Routledge immediately surrounded and hounded. Leaston is now an uncomplicated season for Swansea out of the FA Cup. The final four games to go and that's all. Routledge, deflection work kindly for Mignolet. If you're playing a lone centre forward Llorente he's got to be in the box you know he lays the ball off. Zigertsen's trying to get in from that left-hand side it's not a bad ball from Routledge but the centre forward, the guy who's the best in the air for you, you know is just making his way into the box. Cham that's adventurous, that's a fair way off target. All six of Fernando Llorente's goals this season the Swansea number nine have come at home to score on his travels. Player who has kept of course the very best company he has played in the Champions League final he's a two-time Serie A winner. He's a two-time Serie A winner. He's a two-time Serie A winner. Brilliant. Brilliant. Brilliant. And I think Klopp that win at Plymouth in the week has turned it into a nine-game January. Liverpool will have played 10 games between the 31st of December and the 31st of January. They've won only one of the first five. He did also make a special plea to the good people of Anfield to make a big noise this morning and to pretend that it was a night game under lights rather than a lunchtime kick-off. And it's just a little calm for his taste. Not yet rock and roll. You can see the Swansea have been working on this formation in training. You know as a player you know it's really disheartening all week that you work on formations. Trevor's a previous manager when the gaff used to come out and say right we're going to be working on shape all week. We used to look at each other's players and think oh here we go what a boring week this is going to be. But you know if you can get a result it's worth it. Worth it. Worth a while. Clyne. Firmino. Firmino's cross. And that looks well repelled at the near post by Fernandes at the expense of a Liverpool corner. That's a good header from Fernandes at that near post as you say Peter. Got his body in the way. Lallana trying to make that run to that near post. Very good defending. So Chan on the keeper's toes. Out swinger from Milner. Loops up beyond Fabianski. Reloaded by Clavan. Licks out as far as Milner again. Sigurdsson's partial clearance. Klopp wanted Henderson to shoot. Ball didn't sit for him. It's Coutinho. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Lallana still right side it having taken the corner. Lallana. Coutinho. Chasing at Norton. Sending it back for Henderson. He's dispossessed by the hard working Llorente then Fir nearly ran into trouble. And Cout could run it away. Liverpool carrying in acts again. Lallana Lerentz лесan dropped to help out his midfield. They win the ball but they can't hit into a channel because the set-up falls back in the midfield area And then the work greatly desired this Liverpool side to win the ball back half the part work And the clock responds Coutinho Clavan Henderson has given it away to Sigurdsson, Llorente Sigurdsson's continued his run And the play by Lovren who's worked really hard there Chan, Firmino space ahead of Lallana and Coutinho ahead of him And Swansea stretch now Norton jockeying, Coutinho, Lallana has lifted it beyond Firmino When you talk about counter-attacking football there's a good example Swansea lost possession in the right-back area Liverpool's won the game Liverpool quickly hit them on the counter-attack lovely ball from Coutinho releasing Lallana Trying to find Firmino but he over hits his cross Something we don't see too often just the one player in the box That's normally the case when you attack so quickly as Liverpool did then And does that not say Robbie what the gents were saying beforehand That Swansea are almost as vulnerable when they have the ball as when they don't Yeah you know the disappointment for me from a Swansea point of view there was also the new signing It was a 50-50 with Lovren and Lovren comes out the winner you know You've got to be winning those challenges Liverpool with three quarters of the ball and still to make it tell a quarter of an hour in Firmino steps away from Mawson, Firmino's cross, Lallana! Extravagant, exciting but off target This piece is still here from Firmino just watch this See you later, great bit of skill and then the little dink and Lallana the technique the overhead kick We've seen Andy Carroll do it last week just couldn't quite get on target but fantastic play Trevor It was good play but it was a clear example there of what I was talking about earlier Ziggertson was very very narrow on this in the central area and it released Klein Klein's got so much space out there and he is a threat going forward It's something that Paul Clement obviously he's got his mind on because he was out of the dugout having a word Trying to get a message to Ziggertson to play a little bit wider Norton Fernandes Mawson Fernandes, Fir Giving it back to Henderson who now prompts Coutinho Coutinho escape Norton Firmino Firmino's cross Too much on it for Chan Klein wants a piece of it Ziggertson has lifted it clear Henderson scurries up to halfway and beyond Henderson stayed with him Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Foul Very good Fu for because of Manny York вам crypt gehabt at Kalna k Is that the 50-50 challenge you wanted, Robbie? You got it there, Olsen and Lovren. Yeah, right, I expect Lovren to win that one. But when the ball was on the far side moments earlier and Liverpool done that counter-attack, in a relegation battle, I think Olsen should be winning tackles against Lovren that far side. Sigurdsson. Carroll has hit the outside of the post and it got an it-two to corner. I think it might have took a slight deflection off Lovren. You know, Osminioli saved it. It's Carroll on his left foot. There, it's come off his knee. Hit the outside of the post. And so it is Sigurdsson with the corner. Could have been worse for Liverpool in front of the Kop. Sigurdsson to the near post. Clavan gets up to meet it. Carroll competes and wins. Llorente has some of it and it is finally lashed clear. By Milner. Norton. Sigurdsson. Good tackle, Clyde. Lallana. Little bit of a scare for Liverpool. They've got away with it. Firmino. Scooped over the top by Milner. Seen by Norton. Runaway by Cork. Touch for Llorente. Cork again. Sigurdsson's on his way. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Much better from Swansea. They've hit the post. There. You know, as Trevor's been alluding to, Sigurdsson ends up in the middle of the part. It was a great run. You've got to say, good covering from Clyde, though. Better from Swansea. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Cork. Go, go! Coutinho. With super spread. Clyne. Taking on Olsen, who's Stittist Ground, well. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid! That's it! Go, go, go! Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. character Magic to everyone! Magic to everyone! Except that Martyn Doversen, the nogginol, Clavin. Cigno. It's another chance to turn by Leroy Furt. And it gave Swansea a lead against Liverpool in South Wales back in October, a lead that didn't last. Well, I think Paul Clen would be quite pleased. 20 minutes have just passed. That's the first little milestone that's passed. Bit of a free ticket, really, today. What he doesn't want is a humiliation, a heavy defeat. He wants to see his players playing with good application, intelligence, plenty of energy. And he can't ask for anything more, because if they were to come away with a point, that would be a fantastic day's work. At the top of the table, it would be a terrible blow to Liverpool's ambitions. Lawton, Furt, an awful lot of football still to play before that conversation becomes truly pertinent. This was a chance, a good run from Carroll. You know, he's looked to put the ball into the middle of the... of the area. You know, McAlealy there, head in his hands. You know, and it was a decent block from Lovren. Claude McAlealy, of course, a Chelsea player at a time when Chelsea and Liverpool were at their most mutually rivalrous. A couple of successive Champions League semi-finals each against the other. League Cup final, FA Cup semi-final. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. Oh, it's a Super Bowl. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Milner. Good position from the centre-half there, Fernandes. It was a great run from Milner, fantastic ball from Philippe Coutinho. You know, in the centre-half, got himself in a fantastic area, smothered at the danger. Fantastic run, wasn't it, by Milner? But the pass, there are very few players in the Premier League who produce a pass with the outside of his right foot like Coutinho did. Coutinho. Coutinho. to the ball was absolutely perfect Philip Coutinho where art meets science beautifully deft quarter of the game gone just more nothing to show for 75% Liverpool possession one strike of the Liverpool post by Swansea's second-time Devonton Tom Carroll interesting little confrontation on the right-hand side there Peter Routledge against Milner Routledge is a player I know for my managerial days at Crystal Palace when he was just 17 I think he's 32 now and a number of big clubs good to see him still playing and he would know James Milner really well from his days at Villa Park the ladder over the top Coutinho offside yes Coutinho made the run good spot from the linesman Lallana with his left foot the linesman got the spot on Trevor you make a good point be surprising against a Wayne Routledge as it might be to James Milner that they come face to face now with Milner operating at left-back and what an accomplished full-back he's become he certainly has and you just wonder if he could still do a job for England I mean I'm not necessarily saying as a left-back but you know I think he's far too good not to be in the England squad great for any manager you know because he's so versatile there's nowhere he can't play every time he plays in a position he makes it look so comfortable Chan Henderson between the center halves Clavant Klein Wijnaldum what Swansea have done well defensively as well is they've not allowed Firmino Coutinho Lallana to get on the half turn in between the lines you know there's not much space between Swansea's back four and the midfield five that's not allowing the creative Liverpool players to get the ball into their feet and get on the half turn they're limiting to balls out wide the full backs you know it's the early switch of play the Swansea are doing very well Go go go Up up up up up two other clean bright holes for Sadio Ch Can't you see? As long asopen he's got tigers reaching his hand Oh What what?! Thanks and if it wasn't for the woodwork Jarvis may have got the equalizer Henderson Lovren, Wijnaldum Coutinho Milner, teasing, teasing just too much for Firmino yeah Firmino and Lallana seem to make the same run you know you just think can Klein get in that far post, he is outside the box can he just gamble a little bit Klein but Lallana and Firmino make the same run there Beltingtay in the Premier League here on BT Sport later this afternoon from five o'clock and the Premier League here on BT Sport later this afternoon from five o'clock on the same channels BT Sport 1 and 4k UHD Manchester City against Tottenham one of the big ones in the top six mix and that is followed as ever by Premier League tonight which wraps up all of the action across the league today and I've played in teams as well Peter when I've gone to the big clubs like Liverpool, United, Chelsea, Arsenal you know I'm played in similar ways to to a team in a relegation battle where you just you know you want to get a set piece but as soon as that first goals in for the bigger club you think of how do we change what do we do next now what Swansea have got they've got Llorente you know they can play a long ball but the minute Henderson seen by Fernandes Robbie I was a little surprised there that Swansea didn't elect to go long because they had a free kick they're not going to get that many chances in the game and they've got the biggest player on the field in Llorente one up put in well he's going to be forward stick the two centre-halves off and load it into the box Milner Coutinho caught up by Firth Cork nicely laid off by Llorente seen by Milner who caught up Routledge very good football there from Swansea little triangles confident in their play the ball up to the centre forward I thought Milner pulled Routledge back there I know but didn't get a free kick throwing Swansea but good play over Chang if he was unconcerned Lana highish foot but Fernandes was safe Carol caught on it by Firmino and shifted out the client then why now them Firmino Klein on the overlap Firmino was sought out Coutinho the tumble without telling contact Lallana stepped out wide by Coutinho aimed in by Chan Klein was over the shoulder of Olsen Swedish fullback made the situation okay Carol Wolfram Morsi for Llorente Wolfram Morsi for Llorente Wolfram Morsi for Llorente Wolfram Morsi for Llorente Wolfram Morsi for Llorente Wolfram Morsi for Llorente welcomed in tightly by Carol tidy ball user for Cork welcomed in tightly by Carol tidy ball user for Cork welcomed in tightly by Carol tidy ball user for Cork in boxing high foot backfired in hand send on over the back there boxing high foot backfired in hand sent on over the back there not after big sh Pinterest Aljust but later news immediately al just but later news immediately Can I he could never catch up Al just can I he could never catch up Al just can I he could never catch up Al this is Gonzalez this is Gonzalez Can I he could never catch up Al just Travis kept the ball tied Travis kept the ball tied tomato Horst Col Hmmer embarrassed too maybe has been there held gone by Suarez Horst period they're not looking like a five defeats in 16 which is what they are Coutinho Llorente nicked it back Routledge is on his way Milner laboring to get goal side and finally with Henderson's help doing so still caught Carroll, Fir out by Klein, Lallana, Firmino Fernandes slams the door shut again Lallana bouncing off court can try to feed Coutinho who's nicked it Coutinho, Firmino, heroic challenge from Mawson yeah Lallana with no good persistence it was honestly good coming from Norton but this challenge here from Mawson that's what Swansea have got to do if they want to stay in the Premier League they've got to throw their bodies in front of stuff very good defending his body's on the line time it's a Liverpool corner Mourinho and Kruijärvi Milner again out by Llorente won by Lallana scooped forward by Coutinho moved out for Carroll Mawson had nowhere to go next week of course we return to the FA Cup into the fourth round and we're back at Anfield in the same slot midday on BT Sport 2 for Liverpool's game against Wolves that has an old world feel about it the evening Southampton against Arsenal that was a cup final itself not so very long ago five o'clock in the evening also BT Sport 2 and our Sunday game is the romantic one Sutton against Leeds from half-past one also on BT Sport 2 splendid weekend of FA Cup action next weekend Alan Clarke scored four last time Leeds went to Sutton Milner Wijnaldum Henderson Lovren chance competing Fabianski's athletic long way up long way down regular goalkeeping I read the situation well Fabianski there good catch good take lots of possession from Liverpool but the end product not there yet we've seen one chance for Coutinho with the overhead sorry Lallana with the overhead kick other than that it's been played in front of Swansea and one occasion we've seen Coutinho try and make a run from midfield but it was offside it's quite flat here too at Anfield you know this early kick off Firmino foul on him he's taken a free kick from the wrong place and with a moving ball Kevin Friend wasn't allowing that to go and N resources to lay there but N granted it and N has worked it out Comm Gespr at wasn't enough FHP disappointed on the way very downturn and that's why Clistin he centers is going to move into hisiotw Le scrap and if they want! N Fatherlin Clim CF S tends to move in the Australia çok Well, good turn of pace from Olsen. They don't have a lot of pace in this Swansea side. I don't know what he's complaining about because he just put his body there and clearly looked to obstruct Olsen. I think the referee's absolutely right. Clear as day. Yellow card for Liverpool's hefty Estonian centre-half. And a Swansea free kick inside the last ten minutes of the first period. Clipped in by Sigurdsson and then lifted behind by Mawson. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. It's a pity that a more technical player with respect to the big centre-half wasn't on the end of it because with his left foot, I think he's entitled to get that across goal. Well, for Klein. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. Well, that was a cleverly flighted free kick from Sigurdsson. Extraordinary how far he's had to come in a very, very short time. Filling the mighty boots of Ashley Williams. A year ago this weekend, Alfie Mawson was scoring for Barnsley at Shrewsbury in front of 5,000. Good. Coutinho. Good. Milner. öglichتها- Klein. Starting to make a lot of goals Atalanta. Coel저g. Firmino, and by Mawson again. Firmino once more, broke for Lovren, who sighed at it and did not make pure contact. Once again, good possession from Liverpool. No frustration, Lovren with a left-footed strike from 25 yards out. Is that classed as a shot on goal? He's not sure. Strangely still, Jurgen Klopp today. He feels strangely still. It's a Liverpool experience which is lacking the regular snap, crackle and pop. They've got a series of home games. I guess for everyone it's hard to get up day after day, week after week. Two cup ties upcoming and then the massive Chelsea game on Tuesday week. CLI is sweets, though. Going to Nolte. Liverpool have over 300 passes, more than twice as many as their visitors. That's what you might have anticipated. Swansea have come close to the scoring, that's the truth. Milner. Lallana. Lallana's cross to Amino's header. Not one he was ever in control of. He looked to be in yards of space there, I wonder if he was offside. Let's have a look as this ball comes in. No, in fact. A little too high the cross was. He couldn't quite get the header that he would have wanted. But he certainly found the space. After your goal, Roberto Firmino, he had five Premier League goals after ten games. He's only scored one more in ten more. Lovren. Game yearning for a goal. Certainly through Liverpool ice. Swansea will once again jump on the coach with this point. Lallana. Chan. Coutinho Henderson Klein rather to his space for Nathaniel Klein aimed in for Firmino and again Fernandes has got his work done what a Swansea player in the same parish as Mignolet when he came to collect that. Yeah, Llorente's dropping into that midfield and helping out his team but the outlet ball then is not on when they win the ball back just going to keep coming back at you no but again, wide ball Coutinho smashing ball and Klein let it get away you're absolutely right Robbie, there have been one or two occasions when Liverpool attacks have broken down and there's been a good opportunity for Swansea to hit them on the counter attack but there's nobody in the advanced area so the counter attack becomes absolutely non-existent Liverpool supporters who've become accustomed to seeing their side win on this ground of course over the course of the last year and generally expect to beat Swansea who've never won here 15 home league games against Swansea Liverpool have won 12 of them drawn the other three they've scored three once, four seven times and five twice here against Swansea outage flagged offside by Darren Kan Peter if you remember at the start of the programme I talked about Liverpool's Liverpool possibly being a little bit complacent you know they've got a 30 point advantage over Swansea in the league table and I think subconsciously the supporters have come here thinking just got to sit back and wait for the first goal doesn't happen like that in football that first goal still not forthcoming Clavan, Milner and there's away from Coutinho but yeah I don't think you can still achieve get bit UC and it's here seeming to him magic man Liverpool goal is against Swansea in a five nil win here in February of 2013 Trafford last week as well and then the first hour down at Plymouth this is the first time he's started a Premier League game since the end of November I think we've got to give credit to Swansea in this first half for the shape of the team everybody's working hard when they get the ball they keep it they've got no outlet, yes but you know Lallana Coutinho dropping into the areas where Cork Carroll, Ferrer not been able to get on the half turn they've got Sturridge and Origa on the bench if they were to change it up early in the game