Chelsea bounce back from what happened to them against Tottenham Hotspur will this reshape Leicester City side with a different formation of course the same kind of shock they did when Manchester City came here Leicester won that 4-2 with Jamie Vardy getting a memorable hat trick Owen Hargreaves with us again, it's a cracking atmosphere isn't it well it should be a special game to see Eden Hazard starting through the middle of the Costa position, Chelsea will look to dominate possession but Leicester showed dangerous on the break last season, they replicate that form to start this year off Cahill playing that one forward Chelsea did recently play without Diego Costa over Christmas against Bournemouth they won it by three goals to know look pretty good doing it, Hazard being used as a false number nine if you like, it's all pretty fluid up there I think in that position when he plays in this position as well and he's got no defensive responsibility and that suits him down to ground fast counter here with Vardy Moussa up there with him Nigerian still has it as well and caught whilst reflexes, we've got that Moussa again just about got away by Matic there danger from Leicester early on and now they're coming back with the double that's left well done best on the break, on the counter-attack Azpilicueta poor challenge in there as well just a block in at the near post they've got a bit of luck in this game Leicester, really good counter-attack to start this game off we see a high press really loose defender from Azpilicueta wasn't it, it's unlike him as a solid defender the one thing you can count on him with it, he's got a solid zg the one thing you can count on him with it, he's got a solid zg as he's defending, but a little bit lax there, starting the game on the back foot. I think for less of this team now, with Ndidi, who's going to be a super player, only 20 years old, time for 15 million from Gank, at 25, at the base of that midfield, with Mendy and Drinkwater. I think the balance of that midfield is different. A bit more athleticism in there to go and press Chelsea, like Kante did, and almost played for two players last season. That's been a bit of a problem area, replacing Kante, who was top of tackles and interceptions and covered many, many miles in that midfield, as Leicester won the title last year. Foul against Jamie Vardy, clashing for the first time, it might not be the last, with David Luiz. Yes! Played early towards Pedro, just sneaked in, behind for a moment, well-timed run. That's the slight problem looking at Leicester's shape for me. In between Albrighton and Morgan, in that little valley in between there, in the inside sort of left position, Morgan won't want to grow out there in the three. He won't want to really go out there wide, and I think that's where Pedro will be looking to seek that space. He's going to say not all central defenders who are good in a four can adapt to playing a three. Very much so, and if you're a centre, you're going to have to be a centre-back. And if you're a centre-back, you're going to have to be a centre-back. And if you're a centre-back, you're going to have to be a centre-back. It's difficult in the three. You've got to work with the wing-back. I see that's something where Chelsea can actually really find a vulnerability for Leicester today. You saw again, trying to make a nuisance of him. So, this is only his sixth start in the Premier League after his big money move in the summer. He's taken time to settle, but Claudio on the area says, he's going to have to make a nuisance of him. He's noticed a big improvement in the last month as he adapts to English football. Well, this was called from the linesman. See who's just grabbed hold of Willian by the head. Counter-attack was on there for Chelsea. Good decision by the assistant referee. Just to pull that one back. Willian's still struggling a bit with that. And already Antonio Conte wanting a word. He's got the ball in the third. Here's Marcos Alonso. Chelsea haven't lost outside London so far in the Premier League this season. They've only lost three altogether, of course. Lead trimmed earlier on. Tottenham with an impressive win. Arsenal 2. Liverpool and Manchester United and Manchester City playing tomorrow. The first two against each other, of course. The plot thickens, I think, in this title race. And the rivals to Chelsea will be hoping they might slip up here. Let's see. Here's Hazard. Looking for a one-two with Pedro. He's been lively this season. Back to Nemanja Matic. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. Hazard again. Went off injured in this fixture last season, a bit controversially. Azpilicueta comes its way on. Hazard here. And Alonso, 1-0 to Chelsea. Brilliantly finished, really, on his weaker right foot. Didn't matter. And that's what the leaders wanted. Well, it's far too easy for Chelsea. Dominating possession. No pressure on the ball at any point. Really comfortable possession. Really comfortable passing it around. See, acres of space. Azpilicueta putting a terrific ball. It's a great opportunity there. But what a finish from Alonso. His weaker right foot is guided into the back post. Terrific take. It's an unusual goal for Leicester to give away. It's sloppy in the sense that it's come from across. You'd imagine that they're centre-half with the three little ones up front for Chelsea. They've actually caused them problems in the air with a ball that's coming in. And you'd have thought Leicester would have been able to deal with that all day long. But a great finish from Alonso on his opposite foot. His right foot has kept it low. And just what Chelsea wanted. Took only six minutes for Chelsea to get it here. Only the second goal Marcos Alonso has scored for Chelsea. The other was against Everton. And that was another side who tried to play a three at the back against Chelsea. And that one came a cropper. The thing that surprised me there, just before that goal, all of Leicester players were so deep. No pressure on the ball. Eight or nine players almost on the edge of the box. They didn't need to get out of Chelsea. People play to do it in this team to press. But they just set off and they got punished. And Joe Raniere wouldn't be happy with that start. William with the lay-off. Moses to lay it forward. Nobody running into that channel. And it's in. Head by Kasper Schmeichel who looked thoroughly fed up as that goal hit the back of the net. It was a clever little lay-off by Hazard. Very cool. Saw Alonso was in space. Said have that one. Yeah, it was a lovely set ball, wasn't it? Sometimes you can hit them too firm. So the player has to take a touch but he just cosied it to Alonso so he could just drill it in the bottom corner. But just going back to the goal there. When you're a three at the back has actually been told defensively to go on that left-hand side and he lost his position for a second he's defensively been dragged back there they're not really playing two up Vardy staying up and that allows the outside centre-backs to go all the way into a midfield position and Aspilicueta is the one who gets the cross in for Chelsea on the goal David Luiz making a very fine return to Chelsea a lot of people raised the eyebrows when he was signed again Pedro trying to get a free kick for that as Huth stopped him it does look like the Pedro was Barcelona day it's been so sharp this season the feet to get away from Huth the question of the free kick and second best Leicester in his first eight minutes and he's got it to be more aggressive Leicester just having to adapt to the new shape as well of course they'll have worked on it hard in training on the pitch against the league leaders a bit more of an acid test maybe Willian to curl this one in and we know from his exploits last season he's pretty adept at that kind of thing that one is easily cut out on this occasion by Drinkwater in the most recent season in the most recent season out of the team this season William the standout performance among all the turmoil of last year from him all Morgan was gonna let that run just as well he didn't because Pedro had nicked him behind him they're the typical runs that Pedro is gonna be making all day in between Albrighton and Morgan trying to get in behind there and there was a hesitation and Pedro actually was very close to getting onto it I'm very surprised that Ranieri's changed the shape into a similar shape to bank up against Chelsea if you're Tottenham Tottenham did that at White Hart Lane they were at home but for me Spurs had better players and the possession at the moment as we can see there is just dictated by Chelsea I think if you match up against the same shape you've got to fancy yourself individually to be a better team and I'm not so sure in this shape Leicester are a better team. Well there's so many players playing new positions Wes Morgan Albrighton is playing a different position Houth is a bit of a different position Chilwell as well so playing against the best team in the country with four players playing position they're not favoured and it's quite difficult there's a light show going on all around the ground here after 10 minutes and that's hoping for the best for Alan Birchnall the very popular ambassador of this club who had a heart attack the other night at an awards ceremony in the city all the best birds for a speedy recovery here's Hazard now Matic Matic Matic Matic confidence start here from Chelsea after their unsettling experience at White Hart Lane where they looked edgy from the start I thought just look how deep less they are all the players behind the ball need to get out of Chelsea Victor Moses reborn player this season out on that right side Victor Moses reborn player this season out on that right side is Marcos Alonso the goal scorer another decent ball in as well this time who on the stretch the former Chelsea man who won two title medals in Jose Mourinho's first spell at the club as the scores going through from earlier on a big win for Arsenal to keep them very much in the hunt there some emotional scenes at Vicarage Road in memory of Graham Taylor of course William to take this one Aldrighton and there's the right wing back today and Chilwell has turned out on the right hand side he's on paper beforehand the left wing back Premier League tonight we'll discuss all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories here and everywhere else eight o'clock stories here and everywhere else eight o'clock with Jake and the team for that Hazard he was trying to bend that one in behind didn't quite work drink water to lay this quarter looking for those fast counters with Vardy of course they don't have the Riyad Mahrez link for the next few weeks because of the tournament in Africa I think Mane's a big miss as well as a couple nations he can be a focal point a target Vardy and Moussa that's not the biggest players prefer to run the channels that incredibly well something in defeat pass they tried to find Vardy with there last year was working for him there you know better quality ball in there but when you're playing against the three you've got center back already in them channels you've got to work it a little bit different you you David Luiz. Remember this fixture, a huge chapter in last season's story. Leicester showing their challenge was for real, beating the then champions 2-1 and laying bare the rifts in the Chelsea camp in what turned out to be Jose Mourinho's last game. Afterwards, he accused the players of betrayal of his instructions and tactics and said maybe he'd coached them to be better than they were in the previous year's title win. It was all a very traumatic night here for Chelsea, but here they lead 1-0 under Antonio Conte, who in his career as a coach in more recent years with Juventus and now Chelsea, hasn't lost very many games. Back across Alonso. He's not trying to chest that back into the path of Pedro, not quite. Leicester don't look comfortable. It was only been 14 minutes. Even there, we just saw an early exchange from Chilwell. This is the goal. Terrific crossing. Lovely set from Hazard, it really is. A lot of players might have been selfish, tried to get a goal, but he's just set it. He's facing Alonso, tees him up beautifully. Great start for Chelsea. Now, Leicester have got to, you know, change something. They've got to come out a little bit more, but looking at their players out there at the moment, they can't change him to a back four. He poses a right full-back. They've got a slight problem. You get the feeling if this continues, they'll have to change their shape. We'll keep an eye open for that. Claudio Ranieri will be having a good think, but he must have had a pretty good think before he decided to go this way. Two managers, by the way, have spoken quite a bit on the phone this season, Antonio Conte revealed this week. He's telling him to settle into line. He's got to get the ball. There's a lot of life in England and the ways of the Premier League generally. Matich around the corner. Nobody's made that run, though. Chelsea have already beaten Leicester City twice this season, hitting seven goals past them. What are they doing there for Mendy? They've been injured most of the season, they've signed him before. Pappy Mendy. Very comfortable first quarter of an hour for Chelsea, and rewarded with a goal. Albrighton trying to curl it into the path of Vardy, and he nearly did it. It was a delicious ball, that. Albrighton, terrific cross of the ball. Pressure on it. It's a stunning ball into such a dangerous area. Some questions of the keeper. Back three. I think it was so good that Vardy actually was caught out. I didn't think he dreamt that the ball was going to be played in there. He was just caught on his heels a little bit. Fantastic goal from almost the halfway line to get that curl and get the angle from there. Super play. It was nearly one ball beats all, wasn't it? One more, Brighton. Good Harry, Matt, from Danny Drinkwater to get the ball up. Mark Mulder. And a ball up, Marcus Alonso. Now Albrighton can get forward down that right-hand side. And he's got another decent cross, and Chilwell it was, with the header, the youngster. Only just reached it. And that's where they could have done with Islam Slimani being in the team. He'd have probably put that away. Oh, brilliant. Personal drinkwater. What a ball this is from Albrighton. Stands it up. Chilwell does well to get in there. Trying to get ahead on it. Just doesn't make a clean contact. It's exactly where it needs to be when the ball's on the other side. Both wing-backs doing a terrific job. That's what they need, a bit of aggression. Drinkwater. Really no chance against Alonso. And then they can break. It was a fantastic cross again, wasn't it, from Albrighton? It really was. It was almost Beckham-esque, the pass just before and the cross. Fantastic play from Leicester. And that's what the wing-backs give you going forward. But I think Leicester have really done it more as a defensive shape rather than to open up the play. Albrighton again. Here's Moussa trying to form a bit of a chemistry up there with Jamie Vardy. Vardy hasn't played for the best part of a month, a three-game suspension. And when he was in for the FA Cup game last week at Everton, worth remembering that Leicester did come from behind there to win at Goodison, with Moussa getting two goals from the bench. Slightly better spell here for the champions after being rocked by that early goal. Albrighton once more much involved. The opposite number 11, Pedro. Lovely ball from him. Inch perfect for M Nassar. Moses busting a gut to get there. Looked like he was brought down. He thought he was, but... Andre Mara didn't think so. And what about that one, says the Chelsea boss. That's a terrific run from Moses. He knows exactly what he wants. He sees it's a challenge coming, just clips it over him. Lovely enticing ball from Hazard as well there, wasn't it? That cute ball square inside. Almost making it a 50-50, but it wasn't. And I don't think there was contact there actually, to be fair to the referee. Howard Webber, of course, is with us again today. Says the foul should have been given because he jumped right across his path. Exactly, that's why he goes down, because I think as he lunges at him, falls over top of him, just breaks his stride that little bit. As Kiernan said, not a lot of contact, but impedes him enough to get the ball on the other side. Funnily enough, he got the appointment for the game between these two sides back in October at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea won that by three goals to nil. And Alonso, one of seven Chelsea players now to have scored against Leicester this season. Willian. Well played by Ndidi. Now Moussa. Drinkwater just in. Just crossed a little wider than he would have wanted. Gets a decent crossing. Chelsea defence with some difficulty, managed to hook it away. They've conceded a couple in both of their last two games in the Premier League, Chelsea. And both goals Tottenham scored, remember, were almost identical. Diagonal balls to the back post, Dele Alli headers. I'm sure Leicester will have taken due note of that. And the last five minutes, that's a bit terrific. A bit higher off the pitch. Ndidi winning that ball there. Getting all the players forward. Getting good crosses in. Just need to get players on the end of them. All quite drinkwater. Some terrific crosses. One thing that is evident, that Chilwell, my word, he's breaking his neck to get round that back. The crosses that are coming in from the right-hand side here for Leicester, he's been told to make the box and make the back post. And there's a danger there. There's a danger there for Chelsea. If Moses goes to sleep at the moment, he's tracking him. Free kick to Leicester City here. Chelsea contesting that one. And a bit of a There's a lovely space for the right-footer, isn't there, but it is Albrighton, curled into a lovely area. Matic stopped it, and then Cahill thought, I'm just getting that out of harm's way. Mark Ogwine's putting on a clinic from half-a-cross of all. That needs somebody getting on the end of it. Obviously Mane's not here today. Only Chelsea players there. Needs a Leicester player. That ball is perfect. Leicester beginning to test the Chelsea defence's ability to cope with crosses. Fuchs up towards Wes Morgan, didn't quite reach it, Hazard got it away. Now Chilwell. Starting to get a lot of games now, the young left-back. Wing-back tonight, Ben Chilwell. Liverpool were looking at him, weren't they, last summer? Moussa's beaten in there. He'll want to make a statement in front of the Leicester fans tonight, the quick Nigerian, Ahmed Moussa. Pedro lays it back, here's Moses. Carey Cahill. And then across Alonso. It's a great example of why Chelsea make this system work for them. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. Three or four times now, they've played first-time balls. It doesn't look much, but the first-time ball across the back there shifts the opponent so quickly, and then you create space for your little technicians further up the pitch. Oh, the wing-backs have always had acres of space for Alonso and Moses. Papi Mendy, there you have it, player down, clashing with N'Golo Conte there. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days, you know, he used to drive a Mini in his days. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days. At Leicester City, I'm not sure whether he's still driving that around in West London. Nice, that. I think he's the big reason Leicester are 15th. Missing him. Ban Choua on the bench, big surprise with Costa not playing. He's not starting. It's a bit of a kick in the teeth for him, really, isn't it? With no Costa, he doesn't get a game. There is a bit of a feeling that so far he hasn't quite settled at Chelsea. So on the bench again here, £33m of cost, by the way. Pedro going down, Chelsea get the free kick. Alonso doing a better job of winning challenges, getting tackles in. That's a good 50-50 from Wes Morton, just cuts across. Pedro, no question, that's a free kick. He's trying to stop a counter-attack. He's been more aggressive the last eight or nine minutes, and that's why they're coming to this game. Luiz. Now Willian. Leicester City build something here. There's the gangling, Ndidi has found a very good ball for Drinkwater. Vardy waiting in the middle, they need others to arrive, the cross wasn't... Not the kind of quality that Albright has. Leighton has been providing from that side. That was a poor cross, wasn't it? But they know the system. Cahill gets dragged out wide to the left, there's almost like the wing-back, and what does Alonso do? He goes in there like a centre-half and clears it. And Ndidi... ..was hustling, Hazard there, Ruta winning the ball back. Got a tempo and energy from Leicester. And there's Wes Morgan. Tremendous record of him. Started the last 82 Premier League games now for Leicester. Going all the way back to December 2014. It's a tribute to his fitness and conditioning and form. Christian Fuchs. Coming to play. Left of the three at the back, on towards Mendy here. Form onside with an ankle injury, Mendy, which delayed his contribution to the cause. It's Chilwell on the chase, down the side for Leicester. I probably wont. Chilwell skips a body in front of tone Mendy remedies. But in the end, this is papyrus five. He's not on top, but he's cutting at it well here. Here, Hewoodams. At that chance with the header, didn't he? From the Albrighton cross. It wasn't an easy one, of course. he's a player they want to play a very big part in their future and now now that he's got in the team maybe with a near future to just think this less to shape as well I just think it's taking away from any drink water on the right side of this to eat a lot of pressure to defend against Pedro type and Alonso he needs to be at the heart of that midfield I can dictate the tempo a lot of ground on this side Williams little flick on to to as a lovely piece of play between those two it's very good covering back there by Chilwell on that side Chelsea still ahead if you're late tuning in maybe on your way back from a game six-minute Marcus Alonso putting the leaders ahead really out by Fuchs and then defeats it into the path of Albrighton looking for Vardy again this time easy to count out for David Luiz Chelsea keeping the ball away rather and Didi helping this one on to Chilwell here is Vardy the long-ranger Didi looking for his first Leicester City goal but some way from achieving it I think it's fair to say he's growing in stature isn't he's on the ball a little bit more there's a few more spaces and the lab can use the ball he plays with his head up the break quickly and they're starting to win the ball in the center of midfield and break on Chelsea and that's what they're what this system is about for them I think and that's what they're they were good at last year he just doesn't quite catch this does he put under a bit of pressure pressure there from Conte, but slowly but surely growing in this game, Leicester. Pedro. Papio just caught Hazard out for a moment, but here is Conte. Willian. Alonso. Hazard. Intricate football round the edge of the penalty area, and they've still got it going as well. Chelsea, Hazard goes down. Andre Marriner takes a quick look, not interested. Come Chelsea again. Conte this time looking to get Hazard in behind. Matic now for Chelsea. 28 points clear. Of Leicester City in the current table a year ago, Leicester were 17 ahead of them. Vardy can pick it up. Breaks down Drinkwater's ball. Moussa wanted that played in behind to use his speed, and he's got loads of that. That was difficult, though, to be playing that ball. As a midfield player, you need a wall. You need someone to face up there. He was getting close, Drinkwater, really quickly. And that spun, Moussa spun. And he should be showing defeat, really. Matic thinks about the shot and lets it go. Morgan blocks it on the way through. Ndidi. Well, we've got a cracking game for you on Wednesday. Plymouth from League Two in an FA Cup replay against Liverpool. Seven o'clock, BT Sport 2 for that one. And a doubleheader coming for you next Saturday. At Anfield, Liverpool playing Swansea from midday on BT Sport 1. And then at five o'clock in this slot, Manchester City against Spurs in a big top-of-the-table clash. Luiz's ball forward, looking to get Marcos Alonso. Looks as if he was an offside position. He was. That was a little bit careless, really, from the Spaniard. Well, he's made some terrific runs forward, Alonso. Every time he runs forward, it causes an issue. As Morgan pick him up a little bit, he's onside there. Terrific run. Supposed to be carrying a bit of a leg injury and playing through that, isn't he, Marcos Alonso? The left wing back, and there's been talk of maybe a move for Jonas Hector. Arriving from the Bundesliga, maybe to help out or a bit of cover in that position. They've recalled Nathan Ake from Bournemouth. He doesn't make the bench here. So there are other options there. If that injury becomes a little bit intolerable for Marcos Alonso, but he's basically OK. Drinkwater. Not quite for Vardy. I think he's the player that can play those four-pass. Albrighton is the crosser. But Drinkwater's the one that played Vardy in so many times last season in Mahrez. I think he's better centrally. He's been playing for a while now. He's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. Gary Cahill, the only player to start all 24 games for Chelsea this season. Conte playing it inside. Off by Willian. No side outside the top five have beaten Chelsea in this campaign. No side outside the top five have beaten Chelsea in this campaign. Defeats against Spurs, Arsenal and Lorient in the campaign. Liverpool as well. Turn out to be an important result when the final maths are done. We shall see. Chelsea do go to Anfield in a couple of weeks' time. That is the big question, Ian, isn't it? If they're going to win the league this year, Chelsea, they've got to beat the big teams. They've let themselves down a little bit on the big occasions. But, you know, against this shape they play, against the lesser teams, they find it very hard to play against Chelsea. Cahill. It's an unconventional clearance. Luiz helping it away. It wasn't the most convincing piece of work by the Chelsea defence there. I'm sure he'd love to have that one back. And Luiz with a little smile. Just need to put a bit more pressure on. Chelsea started so well for 15 minutes, but they've really come back into this game. aky They do believe in themselves here. Leicester, generally speaking, 18 of their 21 points have come at the King Power. The long thrown. It is a long mine as well. Brilliant goalkeeping. So far off his line, Courtois anticipating the long throw. Just catches it so easily. Brilliant goalkeeping. Willian. Match gonna be... by Willian. Crunch! Oh, ice! And then on the goal is just like, he's just running out of space there. That will be a freaking no question about it. You can see why people are excited about Chilwell. Just terrific. Just to win that ball there. Quick little turn from Moussa. Come inside. Just gets his arm across him. He's got plenty of goals for Cesc Amosco and Ahmed Moussa. Morgan. That's the city. His side does suddenly look rather different from the title winning team we were used to. New signings. All the way. Chilwell taking their places here, or most of them anyway. Morgan very much part of that old guard. Albrighton as well. Vardy. Got there first. Gets a decent looking cross in. Luiz just as well. He didn't get a foot to that. Otherwise it might have been an own goal. Danger from Leicester City there. Vardy running the tunnels. Can't stop him in that situation. It's incredible goal keeping from Courtois. Once this ball is played in this channel, Vardy is always going to win that. Comes back inside. Just that reaction from Courtois. Terrific. I think Luiz does okay as well. I think he feels he's going to get a toe. He takes his foot away. Takes the chance. Because I think it might have been an own goal if he slices that. He just backs his goalkeeper to save it. It's a terrific save, isn't it? Reaction. Fortunate it goes to Moses. But better from Leicester. There's a quick piece of thinking from David Luiz if he did deliberately leave that. Could have been lethal if he had made contact. No question, I think. Pedro now for Chelsea. Lots of free kick. Not getting it. Get up. Cezanne-Gre Marriner not interested at all in that one. And that's Ndidi again. So rangy. He's Monama-esque. Putting pressure on the ball. He's doing a good job today. 27 minutes in. He looks the part, no question. Genk signed him for £78,000 a couple of years ago. They've sold him for £15 million for Leicester. As Matic hangs around in the midfield. That's played behind Hazard that time. And Boussa. Yeah, I think he was just pushed from behind. Hazard will be pleased with that one. He's been in the gym to knock people off the bench. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's not the only one behind. Hazard will be pleased with that one. He's been in the gym to knock people off the ball. Should be happy with that one, Demrain. That's why I had the smile on his face. Conte, it's Diego Costa business to deal with. According to one report, he says he'd like you on the pitch. He started this game, he said, you need someone on the pitch, Can't hear anything, go to China then. That's it, here you go, Costa. We're gonna hear from Chelsea a little bit more on that subject after the game. They didn't want to talk on it before, Schmeichel's come for that, and he didn't get it either. Well, there's a real misunderstanding there between him and Christian Fuchs. That could have been big trouble for Leicester. I wasn't sure he was gonna get it either, I think he did the right thing. Fuchs just trying to clear it, still discussing it now. He's gone a long way out of his course, Michael. Absolutely right, a defender, if you know you can clear the ball, you don't take any risk, you don't look for the second place, just get rid of it, and he did the right thing. They were certainly tuned to different radio stations there, Fuchs had his goalkeeper. Made wide here for... Marcos Alonso. Big quarter doing the covering for Leicester, who've clawed their way back into the argument after a pretty one-sided first 15 minutes. They play very well. Back into this game. First 15 minutes, they just sat off Chelsea. Just a feeling Chelsea might have to really gouge out the points here. It was a long way and Salah behind from Ndidi. He's putting himself apart in this game. Salah's willing headers. Ranging long limbs. Goes for a Chelsea corner kick here. Serenade aim. Salah's got it. We'll get a lot on the cheap to Wembley. What'll play doh when today's game is knotty? They couldn't have had a아아 safe move there. Alonso has almost finished travelling the Wildcats down for the win. And Val beauty has been forgotten, of any German goalies But he's theglass over Devil's Yum! William. Went out of play, I think. On it's journey, that. Up to tempo again, the first 15 minutes they were brilliant. There's John Terry on the left, his manager giving him a glowing review, saying, we don't want to lose him, he's an important presence in our dressing room. And alongside him, Nathan Ake, scored three goals in an impressive loan at Bournemouth, who were very disappointed he got recalled. Of course he's back now with his parent club and looking to play a big part in what Chelsea hope will be a title charge. Go on! Leicester City continue their pursuit of an equaliser before the break. Cuartarra's come way, way out of his goal here, and won the punch as well. That's great intent from the keeper, isn't it, to say, if you're going to love it in there, I'm going to come. Now Moussa is just trying to pin him, stop him from coming. He's got a bit of a head start. Doing the same again here, he's almost becoming an auxiliary defender. Went a long way out of his goal. This time it's played nowhere near him, Cahill on the header for Chelsea. And break quickly now, Pedro needs a bit of support though, he's on his own really, him against the Leicester defence so far. And they've had to bring him down as well, used all his dial and wit. That was magical, wasn't it, from Chelsea, that's all come from the header, penalty area from Cahill, two passes and Pedro's on the edge of Leicester's box, and that's how you counter teams with the pace and the ability. Just draws the foul there from Drinkwater, it's a foul, he's dragged him back, and now his team can get up the pitch, and they've got a free kick for David Luiz in a dangerous position, but great play from Chelsea. David Luiz hasn't scored since his return to Chelsea yet, he will feel he's well overdue one, he was quite a frequent scorer, in his first spell, sometimes with free kicks from this kind of range, but Marcos Alonso's there as well, with his left foot, maybe it's a better angle for him. He's taken quickly, Hazard, lovely routine, and Pedro couldn't quite finish it off, otherwise that was a picture goal. Well, that's a stunner from the training ground, many young coaches watching. Straight from the training ground, number one-two there, he needs to do better, Pedro, great little set from Hazard. I'm not so sure that is from the training ground, if you look at that again, Hazard's almost taken by surprise that he's played it. It's just good, for me, I'm not sure, I mean, that's an interesting one, it's Hazard that gives it, look, he's sort of, look, watch Hazard, he's sort of standing there, he looks away, look, oh, oh, oh, I'll play him in then. I'll tell you what, that would be, if it wasn't, that's how good they are, and that's probably why they're top of the league. That was a masterpiece of improvisation, if you're right, Glenn, you enjoyed that though, didn't you? I did, yeah, I thought it was a little bit off the cuff, and just needed Pedro to put it in the top corner, but, you know, that's it. I just needed Pedro to put it in the top corner, but, it was a good free kick, whatever, whether it was planned or not. Whether it was planned or not, I think they might try it again sometime. Disappointed not to finish that off, Chelsea give themselves the two-goal cushion, because Leicester have looked as if they might have a goal in them. That's Courtois again. Coming way off his line. Deliberate tactic, Fuchs again to throw it in. Luiz with a good header, a wide, got plenty of height and distance on that. Willian backhanding his defence. Matic, who continues to keep Fabregas out of the side. Pedro. And towards... Hazard. He's always put Manchester's troubles well behind him now, he's had a standout season again, and Leicester can't counter it. Well, that's unlucky. Again, Leicester winning challenges. And Blanc just looking for that one in the channel. Just overhits it. We think there'll be only one added minute at the end of the half, so we're nearly there. Chelsea are headed early, and now Vardy and Alonso swapping, well, unpleasantry.