season so far. Iowa, after a sweet deserved win on Sunday night, Iowa, after a sweet deserved win on Sunday night, touch line, team off the field. After two rest of their seasons alongside former 場合 B comers. different beat for him that's still equate up to louise now conte he has had a good reception on his return i'm not sure he'll be quite so good if he came up with a second goal for charles he's just got the one this season a big one against manchester united mind you serve chelsea playing keep ball doing pretty well early on in this second half this is how the first house started chelsea dominated no pressure on the ball from less if they got very deep chelsea making a goal from it mr of course adept and quick on the counter if they can do that more defending to do here moses not sure well goes for a throw positive start isn't it from chelsea using the shape and seem to have a spare man everywhere on the pitch leicester dropping so so deep again and tommy's got a good start there as well as in chelsea on maybe parallels with a couple of seasons ago here for chelsea their fans will hope so and they crashed 5-3 against spurs over the holiday at white heart lane didn't lose another game in the premier league until they clinched the title and won it handsomely of course with ed and asar winning football of the year lest to give that away for their old player conte now it's william lining up the shot blocked by robert hooth a bit careless by lester they've started to play a lot of good shots against the kids in my opinion and i reckon mal Disk roy täti is apple they'll have to go with bob hungry and we'll sass if you hit the cross of wilson it's Pedro Booth who's serving at the This time it's Pedro Boothang and shout out Just playэ Photo Deadly he did well to win that on the edge of The kadid did well to win that on the the edge of his box moo to be in an This time uncomfortable position good yet a better but soon you made that wide cut here invited go expo and head for ross players straight about the fourth to the walk away one more moore書 on westwood batting tried cat Josh енный here and he's at biscuit wilder to make sama! swallowix counter face counsellor he they had into the bוכ on lee snow before coming here this season a rare goal and the 4-2 win. Leicester have led 2-0 in that game with Akasaki getting both the goals. He's on the bench again today. Vardy with the flicker on the kipton. Pretty quiet so far Jamie Vardy. Here are the scores from earlier on. Big win for Tottenham over West Bromwich having got great guns at the moment. Burnley winning Hull. Vital points for the new manager there. Stoke winning away at Sunderland. And Arsenal keeping up their challenge in a handsome fashion down in Wales. Emotional scenes in memory of Graham Taylor at Vicarage Road as Watford and Middlesbrough drew 0-0 and West Ham great Andy Carroll goal in their 3-0 win. All the issues will be discussed by Jake and the team in Premier League League. tonight. Lots of lively discussion while we're to watch from 8 o'clock right after this game. Hoof gets it away. Marcos Alonso is the grandson of Marquitos one of the members of the great Real Madrid team in the late 50s. And the team's best friend is the former coach of the club. Christian Fuchs. Maybe a push cash from Di Stefano among others. Well Fuchs was pulling back Willian. There were several thousand witnesses to that one. It's going to be a yellow card for Christian Fuchs. Willian does a terrific job of protecting the ball. Not the biggest player. Just using his body, low centre of gravity. Gets away from Fuchs. No question. It's a free kick. Hard to give away isn't it there. He's allowed himself to try and pinch the ball. Williams turned him. Now it's a dangerous position for Leicester. Chelsea making the sharper start to the second half as they did the first. It was about this time in the first half. Five or six minutes in and they produced a goal. Willian plays it in. Luiz couldn't quite reach it. Marcus Alonso again deflects and goes in. 2-0. 2 to him. Willian plays it in. Luiz couldn't quite reach it. Marcus Alonso again deflects and goes in. 2-0. 2 to him. Willian plays it in. Luiz couldn't quite reach it. Marcus Alonso again deflects and goes in. 2-0. 2 to him. Willian plays it in. Luiz couldn't quite reach it. Marcus Alonso again deflects and goes in. 2-0. 2 to him. And Lightning does strike twice at exactly the same point in the half. And Lightning does strike twice at exactly the same point in the half. Chelsea may be here on their way to three very vital points. Chelsea may be here on their way to three very vital points. And Kasper's Michael can't believe it. And Kasper's Michael can't believe it. They've now changed the system today. Play with wing backs. Marcus Alonso, wing back for Chelsea. Marcus Alonso, wing back for Chelsea. They've decided this game. Watch David Luiz get free. Almost gets a free header. Just comes to Marcus Alonso. Takes a deflection off Wes Morgan. An absolute no chance. But Kasper's Michael, too big a deflection. Just gets away from him. But again, it was almost a mirror image of the first half. Leicester dropping off. No pressure on the ball. That goal just felt like it was going to come. Similar to that first half. I think without the deflection, Kepa gets it. Michael gets it, but he's just been caught out by the deflection. But we've got to cast our minds back to Christian Fuchs. But we've got to cast our minds back to Christian Fuchs. He's got to get down in that corner. He's got to get down in that corner. Why give the free kick away? Why give the free kick away? You know, Willan was facing the corner flag. He had nowhere to go. And it was unprofessional to give a foul away there. And consequently, they've been punished from the free kick. Will go down, though, as Alonso's goal. Will go down, though, as Alonso's goal. No question about that. He was on target. Although the deflection off Wes Morgan was obviously vital. Although the deflection off Wes Morgan was obviously vital. Two for the left wing back. I think it might have hit Danny Drinkwater as well on the way through. I think it might have hit Danny Drinkwater as well on the way through. Scream of pain from David Luiz as he went down there. You could hear it from here. Way up on the television gantry. Well, that's just frustration. Well, that's just frustration. Just comes in behind of David Luiz. There's the strike. There's the deflection. And it just comes off Danny Drinkwater's left heel. And it gets up in the air . And it gets up in the air . So that was painters two for Alonso. But with another one. But with another one. But it's the last striker for the group. But it's the last striker for the group. Put it on. Put it on. They'd say a goal and the catcher is a miss. They'd say a goal and the catcher is a miss. An important decision from Pukes. It's Gary Cahill now for Chelsea. It's not just the pain. it's the pain. The penalty for a bit of a sleepy start to the second. The penalty for a bit of a sleepy start to the second half while Chelsea were right on The penalty for a bit of a sleepy start to the second half while Chelsea were right on from the word go. Goals in the sixth minute of the first half and the sixth minute of the second half from the same player. This time, Moses is hustled out of it. This is better from Leicester. It's Moussa. Chilwell. And they set up something to Jamie Vardy. The supply lines to him have been, well, a little infrequent. But again there, you see Chelsea. They know the system. Even there, Moses. Laqueda's got sucked out as a wing-back. He's had to defend wide. And Moses has gone inside him. And he becomes like the right-sided centre-back and blocks the ball from coming across. And they've got it off to a tee. And if you play this way, like Leicester have changed to play this way, similar to Chelsea, and it's a one-off. I think Ranieri's got to change now, surely. He's got to change the shape and get at them and press them higher and go for it. They're at home. Leicester City 2-0 down. 1-1 at home. They've only lost a couple here against West Bromwich Albion and Everton, who won by the scoreline we have here over the holiday. It's the Chelsea fans who've travelled up the M1 who are making the noise. They've got pretty used to seeing their team win football matches this season. But the manager, Antonio Conte, this will be a massive win for him, leaving out his best player, leading goalscorer in the league. It's such a crucial phase. A lot of people haven't really picked it up. The reason why, a big call from him, and it's come off for him. Joe are back. The Christian folks, the experienced Austrian. Contented faces among those. Chelsea supporters. They wouldn't mind getting home late tonight. Not if it stays like this. Can Leicester do something about it? Start of the weekend. They climb to six points above the drop zone, but still plenty of work to do. Another Fuchs long throw. Didi couldn't reach it. Albrighton going down into Fuchs. And the referee's not interested at all. Just points for the goal kick. What a great referee. See, just chest it. No, there's no question. That's a dive there. It just goes over. Let's see what Howard Webb thought of it. Yeah, that's a good decision by Andre. He's not a great deal to do today, has he? But he's recognised that Albrighton's not being caught. I wouldn't caution him for diving, personally. He falls over. I think that's a good decision. Play on. Give a goal kick. Thanks, Howard. Leicester needed something there. They didn't get it. Now they're looser. One Leicester goal could change the whole feel and dynamic, but it's a loose ball from him. Here's Pedro, having an outstanding season, to Hazard. Marcos Alonso. Willian. That's an errant ball back from Willian. It's had a bit of a difficult season, Willian. One way or another with the death of his mother. Shinji Okazaki is going to come on imminently for Leicester City. Lots of room for Hazard here to operate. I think it might be Robert Hoof who makes way. Surprisingly. Albrighton giving it away. Leicester have been sloppy in this second half, no doubt about that. Hazard. Hazard's got a lot of room here. Goes past Morgan, tries to get the little flick in he was looking for. Not quite. Morgan does really well here. He's one on one, he's got a bit of play, but he read him. He just read him, met his ground up, gets his arm across him as well, makes it difficult for him. He knows he's going to be out-faced in many ways, but he took it early. He took over the space early, and normally when you're 1v1 in those circumstances against Hazard, you're up against it, but I think he shoved him out wide. I thought that was brilliant defending. Just gets enough of an arm on, not to give away a penalty, but terrific defending from Wes Morgan. Chelsea resuming normal service after their hiccup at White Hart Lane. Looks like Chelsea have an extra player. Moussa coming off this left-hand side and up front, nothing to chase. There's always space for the wing-backs. Alonso, he's decided to go in with two goals, but Moussa's been on as well. And still a quater, into Willian. Nicely done. Alonso with a slam from Fiorentina. He did play one game for Real Madrid. What is he going to say to Ma tin? He's 그런 exploration with Thiago. His grandfather's old club. N'Golo Kante in that midfield now, looking to win the title, I think in this title race yet though his moves is on the chase down this side Fuchs getting in and Schmeichel was caught by Pedro a bit late there He could have given a free kick in fact for that So there is uh Okazaki who scored twice here against Chelsea in the league cup tie earlier on in the season when eventually Chelsea recovered from two down To win 4-2 and Robert Hoof is the player making way so we will see How Leicester reorganize with this? Well, it'll be a back four and I think he's because they're two nil down I think uh, Albrighton looks like he'll play the right back position, but they'll push him on And uh, of course Okazaki is a goal threat He'll he'll get him join Vardy as soon as uh Leicester win the ball But at the moment for me all through the game Leicester have no possession in the middle of that midfield at the beginning of the game I said there's a 3v2 and they really haven't Dictated in there they should have caused Chelsea far more problems in that central position with the ball and they haven't Well now Moose has gone to the right-hand side Drinkwater's playing where it should have started Too many players not playing their natural position. It hasn't worked for Ranieri. I think he'll be doing it again anytime soon Indeed he was just wanting a little bit too much time Chelsea have been very much the bosses in this second half in particular Espilicueta Lovely early ball wasn't it from Hazard made it look effortless to Willian who got past Fuchs Waiting in the middle Pedro and Alonso both in space had a 2v1 at the back there Alonso was a spare man and Ironically if it had been given the ball in there was in a great position to possibly make his hat trick 63% possession for Chelsea Just looked a bit more than that in all honesty in the second half Corner kick Yeah, those possession stats drive me mad sometimes But today in the second half it's been in the opponent's half Sometimes that possession is is nonsense at the back pointless possession, but it's yeah, but it was it's been in Leicester's half They've had options all the way around their shape is brilliant today It really has and at the moment It must be a pleasure to play in that team because they're tuning up and they've got an option and they're passing it around Leicester And the confidence is really high. It's a great, uh, great performance after losing to Tottenham Nice under half an hour remaining William to take it Indeed well Gary Cahill looking for something spectacular Which Morgan blocked that one? Oh, it was spectacular. This is going in the back post as Morgan just gets a body on it Some overhead kick for a centre defender Just comes too quick his hand he's got no time to react that's never been a penalty most dangerous defender in the opponents at all corners William and no problems there Kasper Schmeichel the goalkeeper who's had all kinds of injury problems this season including a broken hand and classic muscle injury hernia operation hasn't quite happened for Ahmed Moussa today on his chance to establish himself in the premier league team I think he and Vardy almost too similar very quick love to run the channel Okazaki would have been a better fit today almost as a target man wasn't playing maybe his favorite position it just hasn't worked defensively had a lot of ground to cover Chelsea have got Leicester just where they want them and here's N'Golo Kante importantly one out against Drinkwater and to Marcus Alonso and Fuchs got his body shape right to get that one away incredibly Marcus Alonso is on a hat-trick and we are finding him in some space on that left-hand side a few times as well well he's made some incredible runs getting forward it's always been that outlet for Chelsea less of a struggle to pick him up Matic Pedro there's confidence oozing from Chelsea at the moment they've shifted the book so quickly Chelsea today they really have now here is Alonso again and that nearly was the hat-trick my goodness me that would have been something wouldn't it it's just putting in a stunning performance again Chelsea so comfortable passing the ball a great cross from Moussa that's a terrific take from Alonso he doesn't miss by much skill from William exactly where he needs to be picking up that cross if it's long that's a stunning strike and shape and everything that was fantastic technique when he had to take a step backwards as well it's difficult when you've got to take a step backwards to get that shot in and he he's actually cut across it isn't he he's tried to cut across it and bring it back in inside the post but great play again from Chelsea it really is a lovely hit from Marcus Alonso Chelsea are threatening a third here and a foul go you thought would really put this thing completely to bed for them oh look at that impudent from azar plays the one two with kante azar again tries to kill it back morgan's in the way but lesnar at full stretch to contain the leaders at the moment in this phase of the game anyway back to fuchs here's danny drinkwater disappointed not to make the cut for the european championship danny drinkwater after his outstanding season last year he hasn't quite been able to hit those heights this time around he's their passer he's the one that gets on the ball and he was playing almost on the right of the three didn't work vardy couldn't quite get that under control otherwise lester might have been in some business he's caught victor moses there's a lot of he's got a lot of there as well almost inadvertently he's incredibly fair player mokazaki physical presence to press the ball from the front sometimes as a player you're just late it's not malicious just catches him yeah i think he knows what he was doing for me and i still need a tackle right but again he's got to mention alonso scored two goals he's nearly got his hat trick there a minute ago and there he is on the back post doing his defensive wing back play to clear the ball from vardy who's tried to set in uh musa and uh the balance of his play today along has been excellent as a wing back getting forward been in and around the penalty area but defending well as well he's about to fly and uh chelsea will hope antonio conte will hope that that niggling little leg injury he has is not going to be any kind of single-toe player for the next four games be any kind of major factor for in the back now from Claudio Ranieri that's the sign without Brighton right back and usually Danny Simpson remains on the bench the usual right back we were talking in the halftime Lester don't usually do this Claudio Ranieri doesn't do this he he sticks to what he knows and what got Lester a long way last season but this time he decided to make changes to adapt quite a lot tough to do against the team is settled in their system is Chelsea absolutely I've said from the top there I was very surprised to see that these changed it if you believe that you're gonna go 1v1 all over the pitch and you're gonna be better than your opponents and I think Spurs looked at that and they did it and I think Spurs have got the players to do that and they proved that with the result but today no for me Lester it was it was about playing the way they played last year let Chelsea come on to you and hit you on the break with perhaps Okazaki and Vardy in the same team starting I think the surprising thing is all Chelsea players are comfortable with this shape let's have four players not playing their natural position in its show today Schmeichel hits it long a few players who in their first three four five six games playing in the Premier League this season for Leicester as well there's drink water now for them he won't be able to finish that he hasn't really been able to stamp his authority into the midfield battle Claudio Ranieri who in his time as the Chelsea manager finished 6 6 4th and 2nd took from the Champions League semi as well in 2004 they always used to call him the tanker man back then he's tinker the bit tonight as well William with a little bit of a problem limping away there a Brazilian There's Damari Gray left out of the starting line. I've seen a fair bit of action lately from a Birmingham youngster. We think it's going to be Ahmed Moussa who makes way. Matic. Strong. Stopped in the end. Now the 20-year-old new signing, Wilfred Ndidi. Trying to bend him into the team. Mendy as well. Sherwell to some extent too. And Moussa to some extent as well. There's a group of players that are all trying to prove themselves to the club, to the manager, to their teammates. They're not really settled in the team, are they? And they've changed the shape, so it's been difficult for them. I think he's the only one competing. He's been in a decent performance. Playing his natural position. Conte perfectly weighted for Moses. Moses did score against Leicester at Stamford Bridge this season. Conte. This might drop for Willian. It has. Off Schmeichel. That's going to be a bad goal. Pedro. Chelsea. Home and host. I want to see this bit of... Is it a bit of skirt for Pedro? I don't know what he's doing. It's fantastic. I think it's a no-look backfield. Yeah, he's looking away and he's backfielding and his head's the other way. Well, that's how dominant they've been. Pulling out the party tricks, even in the box. That's the chasing shadows. Have a look. Just there. Chelsea have been brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. That was something else, wasn't it? Pedro. Then he finishes it as well. Sort of thing you do in an eight-a-side in training, isn't it? You know, you've got the confidence to do it. He's played really well, Pedro, today. They all have at Chelsea. Beautiful little push in header as well. Yeah. They deserve this win. Loved that. Antonio Conte. Seventh goal of the season for Pedro. His first one away from home. Is there an offside there? No, not for me. I think he's just onside. We've got to give him the advantage. Just onside. The ball spins up in the air off Schmeichel and just, you know, goes so well for Pedro to get that little cushion header. But Chelsea have been magnificent today. They really have. They've passed the ball and they've punched it quickly. Much quicker than I've seen them all season. Mr Murray Gray. Only goals so far. An old trap against Manchester United to replace Moussa, who, frankly, I don't think there's any way of sugarcoating it. It was a bit disappointing tonight. Right. I think the Murray Gray is going to be a start. Very talented young player. Pedro again going through the party tricks. I think he needs a bank vault for all his medals, doesn't he? Pedro, 20 trophies with Barcelona. World Cup and Euros with Spain. Such a great squad player as well. Can play multiple positions. Walks incredibly hard. He's got goals, he's got assists. Super team-mate. Just a perfect player. He's got a great response. It's happened last season. He just looks so much more dynamic this season. It's quicker, more powerful. All of that, and they put him up for the pre-match interview with Des Kelly as well. He's had a full day's work. Doing it pretty well. Luiz trying to click one in behind. Chelsea here making a little bit of a restatement of their credentials after the Spurs defeat. This is not what their rivals up at the top of the table are. They're not. They're not. They're not. So they're not up at the top of the table. Hoping they might see from this fixture. Here's Gray. Magic Young player, he's actually been sent on there to try to do some damage. Run it. That Chelsea defence, as much as he can. Technically such a gifted player. So quick to skip by defenders. Gets away from Matic. One of the best in that position stopping players. He didn't see it coming. He's off the field. He's on the field. There he is. He's on the field. He's on the field. He's on the field. And now he's got the ball. He's on the field. And he's got the ball. It's over. It's over. He's on the field. that position stopping players we didn't start the game Lester City makes an unETH position Marco Breiton with the pre-kick for Lester City Courtois goes with his fist works as well Drinkwater. Chelsea have now scored ten goals against Leicester this season in the three meetings. It's to take it Courtois, very much the boss in there. Mendy. Great. Good work from him. Crosses long but finds its way to Fuchs. Haven't really been able to set up anything at all for Vardy. David Luiz. On to Chelsea. The scoreline mirroring the one at Stamford Bridge in the autumn. Little flick on. Willian played the one-two. It was a lovely play between him and Pedro. Look at this move again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. Albrighton in his makeshift right-back roll. Got it away. Did well. But it's fallen to Pedro again. This time, Drinkwater. Make sure it's a cul-de-sac. More and more flicks. Willian. Pedro. Albrighton's short shift. That right-back is over. And the conventional right-back, Danny Simpson, comes on to replace him. Simpson, by the way, is on eight yellow cards for the season. Couple more. And he'll incur a two-match ban. It's a strange substitution, unless Albrighton's injured. But he doesn't look as if he's injured. Because you need a goal. You need to try and get something out of this game. And Albrighton from set plays, his trusses, maybe put Simpson there and push him forward one more. But release Gray a bit more. But it's a strange one for me. I must say, settled on damage limitation a bit. You're at home. You get another goal. You never learn this game. But you're at home. You want to go out with more than what they're showing at the moment. Sorry, Owen. We're barely even out to call his name. Maybe on throw-ins. But I don't want to deal with that many shots. Just the one. It was a cross from Vardy. But a brilliant product for Lester. A little disappointed defensively. Poor. Offensively not enough. William dance pass Fuchs. Rather too easily from Lester's perspective. Lovely turn by Okazaki. Gorgeous piece of play by the Japan international. Really nice little cameo from Shinji Okazaki in that play. Yeah, would have been the perfect target man in this game. Part of him, maybe Vardy. But he's not in his prime. He's got to be a bit more aggressive. He's got to be a bit more aggressive. He's got to be a bit more aggressive. He's got to be a bit more aggressive. Yeah, he's trying to match up. And hasn't come off. Drink water. Chilwell. Nicely done. Couldn't finish it all off. I think it's been positive. Chilwell trying to get forward at every opportunity. Especially in that week. And he's got a wing back ball. And he's got a wing back ball. And he's got a wing back ball. And he's got a wing back ball. And it's Seth Fabregas who scored two in three minutes here in the League Cup game earlier on in the season to replace Eden Hazard. They can keep him wrapped in cotton wool for the rest of the night. And he key manned such a different occasion to last year when he went off injured early on. There were a few question marks about all of that. It was a troubled time for Chelsea then. They've got a little bit of trouble on their horizon just at the moment with the Diego. Costa business. But I'm sure they'll be trying to smooth that out in the next few days. It's pretty vital they do. It was massive. Considering what happened against Tottenham. And then this performance without the leading scorer. Three goals. All those issues. Give credit to the manager. It's always a lot of credit. These players have been terrific. Executed his game plan. Magnificent. Happy Mendy. Signed from Nice. He was sent. Finished by the now Southampton manager Claude Puel. Well in season. Finished fourth in France. Looks it's long for Leicester City. It's Okazaki. You think they should play him more, don't you, Glenn? Okazaki. Yeah, I think he's a superb little player that plays in behind a striker. Whatever your number one striker is. He links. He gets back deep enough to do his defensive responsibility. But he's a goal threat as well. And he gets in the right positions to get forward and support that striker. And, you know, they just got it wrong. I think Manieri, if he had his time again, would reshape this and start the game with a different shape completely. But Chelsea have been so dominant lately. It has been a bit of a statement, especially this second half. Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea! They've lost their play this game. Danny Simpson lost his place because of the tactical rethink today. Here's Demaree Gray. Giving the opposite answer. Some defensive work to do on that side now. Demaree Gray can work a defender. One v. One. He's pretty close to unstoppable. So turn the pace. Little chopper as well. Good feet. Can go both ways. Nice. Nice. I still equate that towards Pedro without Diego Costa Chelsea beat Bournemouth 3-0 here without him 3-0 up against Leicester Fabregas little flip from William this time Chelsea look like they're enjoying themselves out there finding pockets of space Marcos Alonso looking capable of maybe adding to Leicester's embarrassment back to Fabregas again William Okazaki does well Chilwell Chilwell trying to get into trouble in the end Chilwell Chilwell Chilwell I think what made Leicester so special so great last season was consistency in that back four and the players up top you would never know what's Leicester's best team defensively so many options in forward air Simone Ibbani Moussa Tamari Gray Okazaki need to get back to what made them so great that back four defenders a group Settling a group of players up top there's too much changing Settling a group of players up top there's too much changing such a contrast to last season for Leicester so far this campaign they've only won five of their 20 games going into this fixture all of them here Champions League big tie against Sevilla to look forward to in February Champions League big tie against Sevilla to look forward to in February and a tasty looking Ape Cup tie against their East Midlands rivals and a tasty looking Ape Cup tie against their East Midlands rivals Dunbarby County in the Premier League it looks like a continued battle in the bottom half of the table for them this time William total dominance for Chelsea Moses there's absolutely no question of anything being given there except a possible yellow card for Moses to go down to the top of the table there's absolutely no question of anything being given there except a possible yellow card for Moses to go down to the top of the table quite so easily the referee thinks better of doing that quite so easily the referee thinks better of doing that he just goes down far too easy this is a great play skips wide just falls over issued back Shuaik he's going to get a little run out towards the end here but he's not getting too much game time just a 33 million pound move from Marseille but he's not getting too much game time just a 33 million pound move from Marseille but he's not getting too much game time just a 33 million pound move from Marseille William coming off Pedro as well his job's done some delightful play from him William coming off Pedro as well his job's done some delightful play from him on the way to the third goal which he himself scored and Ruben Loftus-Cheek will come out as well they're not going to loan him out they say they want to keep him around at Stamford Bridge and Stamford Bridge Nathaniel Chalabar has seen a lot of action the midfield player this season played very well against Peterborough in the Cup doesn't look like he is going to play a lot of action this season played very well against Peterborough in the Cup he's going to be used in this one anyway he's going to be used in this one anyway then we get on the FA Cup Wednesday night Liverpool go to Plymouth having been held by the League Two team at Anfield BT Sport 2 from 7 o'clock and next Saturday a doubleheader Liverpool v Swansea from noon and in this slot the tee time slot it'll be Manchester City playing Spurs in a vital game at the top of the table in a minute or two in a minute or two get a man of the match nomination from Ewan Hargreaves so give him a little bit of time to think this might be one of the more obvious ones pretty obvious of late on the far off on the left back gets a couple of goals he's on a hard trick so Marcus Alonso it is don't know you get too many arguments on that one Ewan but he's got a few right there and he's got a few more out there he's going to go for a shot and he's got a few more out there he's got a few more out there he's Demaree Gray wants a piece of the action for himself yeah it's been a good day for him he's had an exceptional day and I think all the Chelsea players have been exceptional Manu just set them out terrific but he's made the difference two goals, getting forward he was always free terrific outlet it was a stunning finish early on in the game with a crucial couple of goals. And he was inches away from a hat-trick as well. His left is Jeek. Pat Shuaie, the two substitutes combining. Matic. Back to Marcos Alonso. Fabregas was arriving. He's had a foul by Conte. It looked like it, and it was. 25-million-pound mark-up for Leicester City on Angolo Conte. Bought in for 5.5 million from Caen in France, sold in for 30 to Chelsea. Well, Mendy played today in that position. You almost didn't see him. I think for what they spent, I think they'd love to buy him back now for 40, if they could. That's the end of the road. I think Leicester have let themselves down, as they have. As well, Owen, I think that 3v2 in there. They've only got two in the central position, Chelsea, and they just haven't put any sort of pressure on them at all. To be fair to Leicester, they're not the only side to have been well beaten by Chelsea this season. Chilwell tries to head it go as it drops here to Foulkes, who tries a pretty good volley. Chilwell's volley. Another bad hit-out from Cristiano. And it's a penalty for Leicester. Chilwell's volley. Chilwell's volley. Chilwell's volley. The space that Matic has got there, you know, if you're playing that midfield and you're banking up there and you're dropping in, you shouldn't have that amount of space any time in the game. It's one of those seasons where the top six have looked a long way clear of the remainder. And maybe that point's been underlined here. Chelsea, in truth, have just looked on another level, another plane for most of the game. Off the streak to lay it off to Marcos Alonso again. Loads of space there for Chelsea, who can just ease their way to the three points now. They'll take some stopping. And this title race, and that question about it, Manchester United will now, despite their wonderful form of late, be 13 points adrift of Chelsea and will need to win that big one against Liverpool tomorrow. Well, I think they're capable of putting on a run tonight. So there's the done. Easy win, another 5-6 on the bounce. I think they're still in it. This is the best team we've seen all season. One little blip, really, against Spurs, but this is a tremendous response. Chelsea do have to go to Old Trafford, but that's one of only four games they have left against teams in the top six. I think it's a mini-table, isn't it? I think, you know, if those teams are going to beat Chelsea, they've got six pointers when they play each other. There's no doubt about that. It's a mini-league. There's six of them. The main United could put a run together, but Chelsea have got to go to United, and they've got to go to Liverpool. But worth remembering that Chelsea have only dropped 11 points so far. Well, they've been fortunate. A bit against top teams in the top six. Yep, correct. Fairly many of them anyway. No injuries, one game a week. It's made a big difference. I think the manager deserves all the credit. These players have worked this hard, buy into a new system. Every player at his peak. Practised three wins, three losses against top six teams this season for Chelsea. Chelsea. Oh, who can they learn from, you've gotta watch. Naixaani, drunken touch here, Saidi tuck, Gτέerby, he just needs a lot of practice. Alright, we're about no means all of it. Luckily, will be their 12th clean sheet in 21 games. Chelsea bounce back from what happened to them against Tottenham Hotspur will this reshape Leicester City side with a different formation of course the same kind of shock they did when Manchester City came here Leicester won that 4-2 with Jamie Vardy getting a memorable hat trick Owen Hargreaves with us again, it's a cracking atmosphere isn't it well it should be a special game to see Eden Hazard starting through the middle of the Costa position, Chelsea will look to dominate possession but Leicester showed dangerous on the break last season, they replicate that form to start this year off Cahill playing that one forward Chelsea did recently play without Diego Costa over Christmas against Bournemouth they won it by three goals to know look pretty good doing it, Hazard being used as a false number nine if you like, it's all pretty fluid up there I think in that position when he plays in this position as well and he's got no defensive responsibility and that suits him down to ground fast counter here with Vardy Moussa up there with him Nigerian still has it as well and caught whilst reflexes, we've got that Moussa again just about got away by Matic there danger from Leicester early on and now they're coming back with the double that's left well done best on the break, on the counter-attack Azpilicueta poor challenge in there as well just a block in at the near post they've got a bit of luck in this game Leicester, really good counter-attack to start this game off we see a high press really loose defender from Azpilicueta wasn't it, it's unlike him as a solid defender the one thing you can count on him with it, he's got a solid zg the one thing you can count on him with it, he's got a solid zg as he's defending, but a little bit lax there, starting the game on the back foot. I think for less of this team now, with Ndidi, who's going to be a super player, only 20 years old, time for 15 million from Gank, at 25, at the base of that midfield, with Mendy and Drinkwater. I think the balance of that midfield is different. A bit more athleticism in there to go and press Chelsea, like Kante did, and almost played for two players last season. That's been a bit of a problem area, replacing Kante, who was top of tackles and interceptions and covered many, many miles in that midfield, as Leicester won the title last year. Foul against Jamie Vardy, clashing for the first time, it might not be the last, with David Luiz. Yes! Played early towards Pedro, just sneaked in, behind for a moment, well-timed run. That's the slight problem looking at Leicester's shape for me. In between Albrighton and Morgan, in that little valley in between there, in the inside sort of left position, Morgan won't want to grow out there in the three. He won't want to really go out there wide, and I think that's where Pedro will be looking to seek that space. He's going to say not all central defenders who are good in a four can adapt to playing a three. Very much so, and if you're a centre, you're going to have to be a centre-back. And if you're a centre-back, you're going to have to be a centre-back. And if you're a centre-back, you're going to have to be a centre-back. It's difficult in the three. You've got to work with the wing-back. I see that's something where Chelsea can actually really find a vulnerability for Leicester today. You saw again, trying to make a nuisance of him. So, this is only his sixth start in the Premier League after his big money move in the summer. He's taken time to settle, but Claudio on the area says, he's going to have to make a nuisance of him. He's noticed a big improvement in the last month as he adapts to English football. Well, this was called from the linesman. See who's just grabbed hold of Willian by the head. Counter-attack was on there for Chelsea. Good decision by the assistant referee. Just to pull that one back. Willian's still struggling a bit with that. And already Antonio Conte wanting a word. He's got the ball in the third. Here's Marcos Alonso. Chelsea haven't lost outside London so far in the Premier League this season. They've only lost three altogether, of course. Lead trimmed earlier on. Tottenham with an impressive win. Arsenal 2. Liverpool and Manchester United and Manchester City playing tomorrow. The first two against each other, of course. The plot thickens, I think, in this title race. And the rivals to Chelsea will be hoping they might slip up here. Let's see. Here's Hazard. Looking for a one-two with Pedro. He's been lively this season. Back to Nemanja Matic. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. Hazard again. Went off injured in this fixture last season, a bit controversially. Azpilicueta comes its way on. Hazard here. And Alonso, 1-0 to Chelsea. Brilliantly finished, really, on his weaker right foot. Didn't matter. And that's what the leaders wanted. Well, it's far too easy for Chelsea. Dominating possession. No pressure on the ball at any point. Really comfortable possession. Really comfortable passing it around. See, acres of space. Azpilicueta putting a terrific ball. It's a great opportunity there. But what a finish from Alonso. His weaker right foot is guided into the back post. Terrific take. It's an unusual goal for Leicester to give away. It's sloppy in the sense that it's come from across. You'd imagine that they're centre-half with the three little ones up front for Chelsea. They've actually caused them problems in the air with a ball that's coming in. And you'd have thought Leicester would have been able to deal with that all day long. But a great finish from Alonso on his opposite foot. His right foot has kept it low. And just what Chelsea wanted. Took only six minutes for Chelsea to get it here. Only the second goal Marcos Alonso has scored for Chelsea. The other was against Everton. And that was another side who tried to play a three at the back against Chelsea. And that one came a cropper. The thing that surprised me there, just before that goal, all of Leicester players were so deep. No pressure on the ball. Eight or nine players almost on the edge of the box. They didn't need to get out of Chelsea. People play to do it in this team to press. But they just set off and they got punished. And Joe Raniere wouldn't be happy with that start. William with the lay-off. Moses to lay it forward. Nobody running into that channel. And it's in. Head by Kasper Schmeichel who looked thoroughly fed up as that goal hit the back of the net. It was a clever little lay-off by Hazard. Very cool. Saw Alonso was in space. Said have that one. Yeah, it was a lovely set ball, wasn't it? Sometimes you can hit them too firm. So the player has to take a touch but he just cosied it to Alonso so he could just drill it in the bottom corner. But just going back to the goal there. When you're a three at the back has actually been told defensively to go on that left-hand side and he lost his position for a second he's defensively been dragged back there they're not really playing two up Vardy staying up and that allows the outside centre-backs to go all the way into a midfield position and Aspilicueta is the one who gets the cross in for Chelsea on the goal David Luiz making a very fine return to Chelsea a lot of people raised the eyebrows when he was signed again Pedro trying to get a free kick for that as Huth stopped him it does look like the Pedro was Barcelona day it's been so sharp this season the feet to get away from Huth the question of the free kick and second best Leicester in his first eight minutes and he's got it to be more aggressive Leicester just having to adapt to the new shape as well of course they'll have worked on it hard in training on the pitch against the league leaders a bit more of an acid test maybe Willian to curl this one in and we know from his exploits last season he's pretty adept at that kind of thing that one is easily cut out on this occasion by Drinkwater in the most recent season in the most recent season out of the team this season William the standout performance among all the turmoil of last year from him all Morgan was gonna let that run just as well he didn't because Pedro had nicked him behind him they're the typical runs that Pedro is gonna be making all day in between Albrighton and Morgan trying to get in behind there and there was a hesitation and Pedro actually was very close to getting onto it I'm very surprised that Ranieri's changed the shape into a similar shape to bank up against Chelsea if you're Tottenham Tottenham did that at White Hart Lane they were at home but for me Spurs had better players and the possession at the moment as we can see there is just dictated by Chelsea I think if you match up against the same shape you've got to fancy yourself individually to be a better team and I'm not so sure in this shape Leicester are a better team. Well there's so many players playing new positions Wes Morgan Albrighton is playing a different position Houth is a bit of a different position Chilwell as well so playing against the best team in the country with four players playing position they're not favoured and it's quite difficult there's a light show going on all around the ground here after 10 minutes and that's hoping for the best for Alan Birchnall the very popular ambassador of this club who had a heart attack the other night at an awards ceremony in the city all the best birds for a speedy recovery here's Hazard now Matic Matic Matic Matic confidence start here from Chelsea after their unsettling experience at White Hart Lane where they looked edgy from the start I thought just look how deep less they are all the players behind the ball need to get out of Chelsea Victor Moses reborn player this season out on that right side Victor Moses reborn player this season out on that right side is Marcos Alonso the goal scorer another decent ball in as well this time who on the stretch the former Chelsea man who won two title medals in Jose Mourinho's first spell at the club as the scores going through from earlier on a big win for Arsenal to keep them very much in the hunt there some emotional scenes at Vicarage Road in memory of Graham Taylor of course William to take this one Aldrighton and there's the right wing back today and Chilwell has turned out on the right hand side he's on paper beforehand the left wing back Premier League tonight we'll discuss all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories and the developing title race all the stories here and everywhere else eight o'clock stories here and everywhere else eight o'clock with Jake and the team for that Hazard he was trying to bend that one in behind didn't quite work drink water to lay this quarter looking for those fast counters with Vardy of course they don't have the Riyad Mahrez link for the next few weeks because of the tournament in Africa I think Mane's a big miss as well as a couple nations he can be a focal point a target Vardy and Moussa that's not the biggest players prefer to run the channels that incredibly well something in defeat pass they tried to find Vardy with there last year was working for him there you know better quality ball in there but when you're playing against the three you've got center back already in them channels you've got to work it a little bit different you you David Luiz. Remember this fixture, a huge chapter in last season's story. Leicester showing their challenge was for real, beating the then champions 2-1 and laying bare the rifts in the Chelsea camp in what turned out to be Jose Mourinho's last game. Afterwards, he accused the players of betrayal of his instructions and tactics and said maybe he'd coached them to be better than they were in the previous year's title win. It was all a very traumatic night here for Chelsea, but here they lead 1-0 under Antonio Conte, who in his career as a coach in more recent years with Juventus and now Chelsea, hasn't lost very many games. Back across Alonso. He's not trying to chest that back into the path of Pedro, not quite. Leicester don't look comfortable. It was only been 14 minutes. Even there, we just saw an early exchange from Chilwell. This is the goal. Terrific crossing. Lovely set from Hazard, it really is. A lot of players might have been selfish, tried to get a goal, but he's just set it. He's facing Alonso, tees him up beautifully. Great start for Chelsea. Now, Leicester have got to, you know, change something. They've got to come out a little bit more, but looking at their players out there at the moment, they can't change him to a back four. He poses a right full-back. They've got a slight problem. You get the feeling if this continues, they'll have to change their shape. We'll keep an eye open for that. Claudio Ranieri will be having a good think, but he must have had a pretty good think before he decided to go this way. Two managers, by the way, have spoken quite a bit on the phone this season, Antonio Conte revealed this week. He's telling him to settle into line. He's got to get the ball. There's a lot of life in England and the ways of the Premier League generally. Matich around the corner. Nobody's made that run, though. Chelsea have already beaten Leicester City twice this season, hitting seven goals past them. What are they doing there for Mendy? They've been injured most of the season, they've signed him before. Pappy Mendy. Very comfortable first quarter of an hour for Chelsea, and rewarded with a goal. Albrighton trying to curl it into the path of Vardy, and he nearly did it. It was a delicious ball, that. Albrighton, terrific cross of the ball. Pressure on it. It's a stunning ball into such a dangerous area. Some questions of the keeper. Back three. I think it was so good that Vardy actually was caught out. I didn't think he dreamt that the ball was going to be played in there. He was just caught on his heels a little bit. Fantastic goal from almost the halfway line to get that curl and get the angle from there. Super play. It was nearly one ball beats all, wasn't it? One more, Brighton. Good Harry, Matt, from Danny Drinkwater to get the ball up. Mark Mulder. And a ball up, Marcus Alonso. Now Albrighton can get forward down that right-hand side. And he's got another decent cross, and Chilwell it was, with the header, the youngster. Only just reached it. And that's where they could have done with Islam Slimani being in the team. He'd have probably put that away. Oh, brilliant. Personal drinkwater. What a ball this is from Albrighton. Stands it up. Chilwell does well to get in there. Trying to get ahead on it. Just doesn't make a clean contact. It's exactly where it needs to be when the ball's on the other side. Both wing-backs doing a terrific job. That's what they need, a bit of aggression. Drinkwater. Really no chance against Alonso. And then they can break. It was a fantastic cross again, wasn't it, from Albrighton? It really was. It was almost Beckham-esque, the pass just before and the cross. Fantastic play from Leicester. And that's what the wing-backs give you going forward. But I think Leicester have really done it more as a defensive shape rather than to open up the play. Albrighton again. Here's Moussa trying to form a bit of a chemistry up there with Jamie Vardy. Vardy hasn't played for the best part of a month, a three-game suspension. And when he was in for the FA Cup game last week at Everton, worth remembering that Leicester did come from behind there to win at Goodison, with Moussa getting two goals from the bench. Slightly better spell here for the champions after being rocked by that early goal. Albrighton once more much involved. The opposite number 11, Pedro. Lovely ball from him. Inch perfect for M Nassar. Moses busting a gut to get there. Looked like he was brought down. He thought he was, but... Andre Mara didn't think so. And what about that one, says the Chelsea boss. That's a terrific run from Moses. He knows exactly what he wants. He sees it's a challenge coming, just clips it over him. Lovely enticing ball from Hazard as well there, wasn't it? That cute ball square inside. Almost making it a 50-50, but it wasn't. And I don't think there was contact there actually, to be fair to the referee. Howard Webber, of course, is with us again today. Says the foul should have been given because he jumped right across his path. Exactly, that's why he goes down, because I think as he lunges at him, falls over top of him, just breaks his stride that little bit. As Kiernan said, not a lot of contact, but impedes him enough to get the ball on the other side. Funnily enough, he got the appointment for the game between these two sides back in October at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea won that by three goals to nil. And Alonso, one of seven Chelsea players now to have scored against Leicester this season. Willian. Well played by Ndidi. Now Moussa. Drinkwater just in. Just crossed a little wider than he would have wanted. Gets a decent crossing. Chelsea defence with some difficulty, managed to hook it away. They've conceded a couple in both of their last two games in the Premier League, Chelsea. And both goals Tottenham scored, remember, were almost identical. Diagonal balls to the back post, Dele Alli headers. I'm sure Leicester will have taken due note of that. And the last five minutes, that's a bit terrific. A bit higher off the pitch. Ndidi winning that ball there. Getting all the players forward. Getting good crosses in. Just need to get players on the end of them. All quite drinkwater. Some terrific crosses. One thing that is evident, that Chilwell, my word, he's breaking his neck to get round that back. The crosses that are coming in from the right-hand side here for Leicester, he's been told to make the box and make the back post. And there's a danger there. There's a danger there for Chelsea. If Moses goes to sleep at the moment, he's tracking him. Free kick to Leicester City here. Chelsea contesting that one. And a bit of a There's a lovely space for the right-footer, isn't there, but it is Albrighton, curled into a lovely area. Matic stopped it, and then Cahill thought, I'm just getting that out of harm's way. Mark Ogwine's putting on a clinic from half-a-cross of all. That needs somebody getting on the end of it. Obviously Mane's not here today. Only Chelsea players there. Needs a Leicester player. That ball is perfect. Leicester beginning to test the Chelsea defence's ability to cope with crosses. Fuchs up towards Wes Morgan, didn't quite reach it, Hazard got it away. Now Chilwell. Starting to get a lot of games now, the young left-back. Wing-back tonight, Ben Chilwell. Liverpool were looking at him, weren't they, last summer? Moussa's beaten in there. He'll want to make a statement in front of the Leicester fans tonight, the quick Nigerian, Ahmed Moussa. Pedro lays it back, here's Moses. Carey Cahill. And then across Alonso. It's a great example of why Chelsea make this system work for them. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. They're man of three. Three or four times now, they've played first-time balls. It doesn't look much, but the first-time ball across the back there shifts the opponent so quickly, and then you create space for your little technicians further up the pitch. Oh, the wing-backs have always had acres of space for Alonso and Moses. Papi Mendy, there you have it, player down, clashing with N'Golo Conte there. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days, you know, he used to drive a Mini in his days. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days. Conte used to drive a Mini in his days. At Leicester City, I'm not sure whether he's still driving that around in West London. Nice, that. I think he's the big reason Leicester are 15th. Missing him. Ban Choua on the bench, big surprise with Costa not playing. He's not starting. It's a bit of a kick in the teeth for him, really, isn't it? With no Costa, he doesn't get a game. There is a bit of a feeling that so far he hasn't quite settled at Chelsea. So on the bench again here, £33m of cost, by the way. Pedro going down, Chelsea get the free kick. Alonso doing a better job of winning challenges, getting tackles in. That's a good 50-50 from Wes Morton, just cuts across. Pedro, no question, that's a free kick. He's trying to stop a counter-attack. He's been more aggressive the last eight or nine minutes, and that's why they're coming to this game. Luiz. Now Willian. Leicester City build something here. There's the gangling, Ndidi has found a very good ball for Drinkwater. Vardy waiting in the middle, they need others to arrive, the cross wasn't... Not the kind of quality that Albright has. Leighton has been providing from that side. That was a poor cross, wasn't it? But they know the system. Cahill gets dragged out wide to the left, there's almost like the wing-back, and what does Alonso do? He goes in there like a centre-half and clears it. And Ndidi... ..was hustling, Hazard there, Ruta winning the ball back. Got a tempo and energy from Leicester. And there's Wes Morgan. Tremendous record of him. Started the last 82 Premier League games now for Leicester. Going all the way back to December 2014. It's a tribute to his fitness and conditioning and form. Christian Fuchs. Coming to play. Left of the three at the back, on towards Mendy here. Form onside with an ankle injury, Mendy, which delayed his contribution to the cause. It's Chilwell on the chase, down the side for Leicester. I probably wont. Chilwell skips a body in front of tone Mendy remedies. But in the end, this is papyrus five. He's not on top, but he's cutting at it well here. Here, Hewoodams. At that chance with the header, didn't he? From the Albrighton cross. It wasn't an easy one, of course. he's a player they want to play a very big part in their future and now now that he's got in the team maybe with a near future to just think this less to shape as well I just think it's taking away from any drink water on the right side of this to eat a lot of pressure to defend against Pedro type and Alonso he needs to be at the heart of that midfield I can dictate the tempo a lot of ground on this side Williams little flick on to to as a lovely piece of play between those two it's very good covering back there by Chilwell on that side Chelsea still ahead if you're late tuning in maybe on your way back from a game six-minute Marcus Alonso putting the leaders ahead really out by Fuchs and then defeats it into the path of Albrighton looking for Vardy again this time easy to count out for David Luiz Chelsea keeping the ball away rather and Didi helping this one on to Chilwell here is Vardy the long-ranger Didi looking for his first Leicester City goal but some way from achieving it I think it's fair to say he's growing in stature isn't he's on the ball a little bit more there's a few more spaces and the lab can use the ball he plays with his head up the break quickly and they're starting to win the ball in the center of midfield and break on Chelsea and that's what they're what this system is about for them I think and that's what they're they were good at last year he just doesn't quite catch this does he put under a bit of pressure pressure there from Conte, but slowly but surely growing in this game, Leicester. Pedro. Papio just caught Hazard out for a moment, but here is Conte. Willian. Alonso. Hazard. Intricate football round the edge of the penalty area, and they've still got it going as well. Chelsea, Hazard goes down. Andre Marriner takes a quick look, not interested. Come Chelsea again. Conte this time looking to get Hazard in behind. Matic now for Chelsea. 28 points clear. Of Leicester City in the current table a year ago, Leicester were 17 ahead of them. Vardy can pick it up. Breaks down Drinkwater's ball. Moussa wanted that played in behind to use his speed, and he's got loads of that. That was difficult, though, to be playing that ball. As a midfield player, you need a wall. You need someone to face up there. He was getting close, Drinkwater, really quickly. And that spun, Moussa spun. And he should be showing defeat, really. Matic thinks about the shot and lets it go. Morgan blocks it on the way through. Ndidi. Well, we've got a cracking game for you on Wednesday. Plymouth from League Two in an FA Cup replay against Liverpool. Seven o'clock, BT Sport 2 for that one. And a doubleheader coming for you next Saturday. At Anfield, Liverpool playing Swansea from midday on BT Sport 1. And then at five o'clock in this slot, Manchester City against Spurs in a big top-of-the-table clash. Luiz's ball forward, looking to get Marcos Alonso. Looks as if he was an offside position. He was. That was a little bit careless, really, from the Spaniard. Well, he's made some terrific runs forward, Alonso. Every time he runs forward, it causes an issue. As Morgan pick him up a little bit, he's onside there. Terrific run. Supposed to be carrying a bit of a leg injury and playing through that, isn't he, Marcos Alonso? The left wing back, and there's been talk of maybe a move for Jonas Hector. Arriving from the Bundesliga, maybe to help out or a bit of cover in that position. They've recalled Nathan Ake from Bournemouth. He doesn't make the bench here. So there are other options there. If that injury becomes a little bit intolerable for Marcos Alonso, but he's basically OK. Drinkwater. Not quite for Vardy. I think he's the player that can play those four-pass. Albrighton is the crosser. But Drinkwater's the one that played Vardy in so many times last season in Mahrez. I think he's better centrally. He's been playing for a while now. He's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. But he's got a lot of good players. Gary Cahill, the only player to start all 24 games for Chelsea this season. Conte playing it inside. Off by Willian. No side outside the top five have beaten Chelsea in this campaign. No side outside the top five have beaten Chelsea in this campaign. Defeats against Spurs, Arsenal and Lorient in the campaign. Liverpool as well. Turn out to be an important result when the final maths are done. We shall see. Chelsea do go to Anfield in a couple of weeks' time. That is the big question, Ian, isn't it? If they're going to win the league this year, Chelsea, they've got to beat the big teams. They've let themselves down a little bit on the big occasions. But, you know, against this shape they play, against the lesser teams, they find it very hard to play against Chelsea. Cahill. It's an unconventional clearance. Luiz helping it away. It wasn't the most convincing piece of work by the Chelsea defence there. I'm sure he'd love to have that one back. And Luiz with a little smile. Just need to put a bit more pressure on. Chelsea started so well for 15 minutes, but they've really come back into this game. aky They do believe in themselves here. Leicester, generally speaking, 18 of their 21 points have come at the King Power. The long thrown. It is a long mine as well. Brilliant goalkeeping. So far off his line, Courtois anticipating the long throw. Just catches it so easily. Brilliant goalkeeping. Willian. Match gonna be... by Willian. Crunch! Oh, ice! And then on the goal is just like, he's just running out of space there. That will be a freaking no question about it. You can see why people are excited about Chilwell. Just terrific. Just to win that ball there. Quick little turn from Moussa. Come inside. Just gets his arm across him. He's got plenty of goals for Cesc Amosco and Ahmed Moussa. Morgan. That's the city. His side does suddenly look rather different from the title winning team we were used to. New signings. All the way. Chilwell taking their places here, or most of them anyway. Morgan very much part of that old guard. Albrighton as well. Vardy. Got there first. Gets a decent looking cross in. Luiz just as well. He didn't get a foot to that. Otherwise it might have been an own goal. Danger from Leicester City there. Vardy running the tunnels. Can't stop him in that situation. It's incredible goal keeping from Courtois. Once this ball is played in this channel, Vardy is always going to win that. Comes back inside. Just that reaction from Courtois. Terrific. I think Luiz does okay as well. I think he feels he's going to get a toe. He takes his foot away. Takes the chance. Because I think it might have been an own goal if he slices that. He just backs his goalkeeper to save it. It's a terrific save, isn't it? Reaction. Fortunate it goes to Moses. But better from Leicester. There's a quick piece of thinking from David Luiz if he did deliberately leave that. Could have been lethal if he had made contact. No question, I think. Pedro now for Chelsea. Lots of free kick. Not getting it. Get up. Cezanne-Gre Marriner not interested at all in that one. And that's Ndidi again. So rangy. He's Monama-esque. Putting pressure on the ball. He's doing a good job today. 27 minutes in. He looks the part, no question. Genk signed him for £78,000 a couple of years ago. They've sold him for £15 million for Leicester. As Matic hangs around in the midfield. That's played behind Hazard that time. And Boussa. Yeah, I think he was just pushed from behind. Hazard will be pleased with that one. He's been in the gym to knock people off the bench. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's got a good job. He's not the only one behind. Hazard will be pleased with that one. He's been in the gym to knock people off the ball. Should be happy with that one, Demrain. That's why I had the smile on his face. Conte, it's Diego Costa business to deal with. According to one report, he says he'd like you on the pitch. He started this game, he said, you need someone on the pitch, Can't hear anything, go to China then. That's it, here you go, Costa. We're gonna hear from Chelsea a little bit more on that subject after the game. They didn't want to talk on it before, Schmeichel's come for that, and he didn't get it either. Well, there's a real misunderstanding there between him and Christian Fuchs. That could have been big trouble for Leicester. I wasn't sure he was gonna get it either, I think he did the right thing. Fuchs just trying to clear it, still discussing it now. He's gone a long way out of his course, Michael. Absolutely right, a defender, if you know you can clear the ball, you don't take any risk, you don't look for the second place, just get rid of it, and he did the right thing. They were certainly tuned to different radio stations there, Fuchs had his goalkeeper. Made wide here for... Marcos Alonso. Big quarter doing the covering for Leicester, who've clawed their way back into the argument after a pretty one-sided first 15 minutes. They play very well. Back into this game. First 15 minutes, they just sat off Chelsea. Just a feeling Chelsea might have to really gouge out the points here. It was a long way and Salah behind from Ndidi. He's putting himself apart in this game. Salah's willing headers. Ranging long limbs. Goes for a Chelsea corner kick here. Serenade aim. Salah's got it. We'll get a lot on the cheap to Wembley. What'll play doh when today's game is knotty? They couldn't have had a아아 safe move there. Alonso has almost finished travelling the Wildcats down for the win. And Val beauty has been forgotten, of any German goalies But he's theglass over Devil's Yum! William. Went out of play, I think. On it's journey, that. Up to tempo again, the first 15 minutes they were brilliant. There's John Terry on the left, his manager giving him a glowing review, saying, we don't want to lose him, he's an important presence in our dressing room. And alongside him, Nathan Ake, scored three goals in an impressive loan at Bournemouth, who were very disappointed he got recalled. Of course he's back now with his parent club and looking to play a big part in what Chelsea hope will be a title charge. Go on! Leicester City continue their pursuit of an equaliser before the break. Cuartarra's come way, way out of his goal here, and won the punch as well. That's great intent from the keeper, isn't it, to say, if you're going to love it in there, I'm going to come. Now Moussa is just trying to pin him, stop him from coming. He's got a bit of a head start. Doing the same again here, he's almost becoming an auxiliary defender. Went a long way out of his goal. This time it's played nowhere near him, Cahill on the header for Chelsea. And break quickly now, Pedro needs a bit of support though, he's on his own really, him against the Leicester defence so far. And they've had to bring him down as well, used all his dial and wit. That was magical, wasn't it, from Chelsea, that's all come from the header, penalty area from Cahill, two passes and Pedro's on the edge of Leicester's box, and that's how you counter teams with the pace and the ability. Just draws the foul there from Drinkwater, it's a foul, he's dragged him back, and now his team can get up the pitch, and they've got a free kick for David Luiz in a dangerous position, but great play from Chelsea. David Luiz hasn't scored since his return to Chelsea yet, he will feel he's well overdue one, he was quite a frequent scorer, in his first spell, sometimes with free kicks from this kind of range, but Marcos Alonso's there as well, with his left foot, maybe it's a better angle for him. He's taken quickly, Hazard, lovely routine, and Pedro couldn't quite finish it off, otherwise that was a picture goal. Well, that's a stunner from the training ground, many young coaches watching. Straight from the training ground, number one-two there, he needs to do better, Pedro, great little set from Hazard. I'm not so sure that is from the training ground, if you look at that again, Hazard's almost taken by surprise that he's played it. It's just good, for me, I'm not sure, I mean, that's an interesting one, it's Hazard that gives it, look, he's sort of, look, watch Hazard, he's sort of standing there, he looks away, look, oh, oh, oh, I'll play him in then. I'll tell you what, that would be, if it wasn't, that's how good they are, and that's probably why they're top of the league. That was a masterpiece of improvisation, if you're right, Glenn, you enjoyed that though, didn't you? I did, yeah, I thought it was a little bit off the cuff, and just needed Pedro to put it in the top corner, but, you know, that's it. I just needed Pedro to put it in the top corner, but, it was a good free kick, whatever, whether it was planned or not. Whether it was planned or not, I think they might try it again sometime. Disappointed not to finish that off, Chelsea give themselves the two-goal cushion, because Leicester have looked as if they might have a goal in them. That's Courtois again. Coming way off his line. Deliberate tactic, Fuchs again to throw it in. Luiz with a good header, a wide, got plenty of height and distance on that. Willian backhanding his defence. Matic, who continues to keep Fabregas out of the side. Pedro. And towards... Hazard. He's always put Manchester's troubles well behind him now, he's had a standout season again, and Leicester can't counter it. Well, that's unlucky. Again, Leicester winning challenges. And Blanc just looking for that one in the channel. Just overhits it. We think there'll be only one added minute at the end of the half, so we're nearly there. Chelsea are headed early, and now Vardy and Alonso swapping, well, unpleasantry.