Spurs have scored in each of their last 12 Premier League games the last time they failed to score was in a defeat at West Ham back in early March certainly got the attacking ammunition they need a response in this second period as many ways it's not a dissimilar performance to that from the opening weekend of the season where there was second best at Goodison Park at half-time against Everton and came out much the better side and ended up match that they really should have won will they be able to post similar second half improvement this time around free kick goes Liverpool's way with a foul on Van Alden Henderson Klein Firmino Van Alden in an advanced position justified in having an attempt from that kind of range he wasn't too far away well it's a good move from Liverpool nice and bright when Van Alden gets on the ball here tries to whip in that far corner and we saw last season him score some good goals for Newcastle he's unlucky there no foul on Lamela and the play continues with Mane finding fly no foul by Mane despite the protest from Jan Vertonghen and the Spurs fans Mane of course is already in the lead Spurs fans Mane of course is already in the lead on a yellow card he's got away with that we saw two in the first half there's no different with that one than the one he got booked for he's a lucky boy how the linesman hasn't seen it I do not know Danny Rose is going to need some treatment they've already lost one of their players they've already lost one of their players they've already lost one of their players they've already lost one of their players first-choice full-backs today with sickness in the first half and now Rose being attended to he's had a yellow card and the subsequent lecture the referee didn't see anything wrong with that play will restart with a Liverpool throw rather than a Tottenham free kit a wry smile from Mane there's no intent but it's just it's just sloppy again it's just leaving the there's no intent but it's just sloppy again it's just sloppy again it's just sloppy again I understand the linesman couldn't see sorry the referee because he was on a bit of a bad angle but it was five yards in front of the linesman sorry the referee because he was on a bit of a bad angle but it was five yards in front of the linesman Lallana Mane plays Lallana back in in the offside position got to up the tempo Tottenham we've got to find some energy and some spirit get back in this game got to up the tempo Tottenham we've got to up the tempo Tottenham we've got to up the tempo Fanny Rose is okay he's back on the field Spurs restored with their full complement of 11. Hanging on by Kane Yatse trying to feed Lamella there's Lamella again trying to scoop ahead of four of the wall and he has fouled Lovren it's a silly foul because he doesn't need to he's in trouble anyway Lovren be a bit brighter there Dele Alli's team's in a good position with the arrival of Vincent Jansen's given Pochettino a conundrum playing Jansen and Kane as two strikers together and a 4-4-2 doesn't fit the Tottenham M.O. the club ultimately something for their other señores Lovren now back on pole no pressure Adeyemi here恐 on the first pick Lovren is there to get a imp excel into range I'm sure he'll tweak it as the season goes on. Right now he's had to bring him on, and he's got to do better. It's Eriksen. A rare opportunity in front of goal goes wide, but the crowd are frustrated, they thought Kane should have had a free kick, pushed over by Henderson. Yeah, we see it here. It is a foul. I'm not sure why he can't see that. Expect Eriksen to do better here, he's a super technician, good striker at the ball. Roughly a good stop play this time, he's given the free kick Liverpool's way, and the Spurs faith are increasingly frustrated at the way these decisions are going now. Well, he's got a few wrong, if I'm honest, and they're probably going to be a bit more difficult, but the problem is, especially at a big stadium like this, you get a few wrong for one team, you're going to get the stick. Although this one does look like a foul from Vertonghen, because of the pace of Mane, he's scared, he pulls him down. I think the frustration comes from the ones he's got wrong earlier. Second yellow card of the season for Vertonghen, the second Tottenham player booked today. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Henderson happy, he's on the same wavelength as those attacking this free kick. It was Eric Dier that got in between the two centre-halves to steer it away. Goal! Goal! Liverpool's first corner of the second half, only the second of the game. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Milner's delivery, oh, it's hit the top of the bar. Matip inches away from celebrating his Premier League debut with a goal. It's a really good ball in from Milner. Uses his power there, Matip. That really would have been a mountain to climb for Spurs, should be 2-0. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Milner back into the throw from Eriksen, he's just calming things down, and a kind of Simon Mignolet. Goal! Goal after the injury to Loris Karius in pre-season, he broke his hand following a collision with Dejan Lovren. Coutinho... Just inviting Clyne forward here. Again, Bourne having to make the save, a tick of deflection on the way through, and the ball has gone over the line for a corner. It's a brave play from Liverpool, nice and confident out from the keeper, played the way out, Tottenham couldn't get a press, ends up with a good shot. Really good, that play, good play from Liverpool. Controlling the match at the moment. To centre-half's forward again. Great swing this time, which is dealt with by Kane. Clyne can snuff out any thoughts for Tottenham counter-attack. Back from Henderson. And just scooped it away, past Lovren. Yeah, should do better with that pass, Henderson. It's not a difficult ball. And he's got quality like he has. The Pochettino side's exemplified work rate, they were outrun in only four of the league games last season, but that did include both games against Liverpool. Just giving Christian Eriksen... the benefit of his ideas, something that he's spotted here. The worry is, for Spurs, if you look at the bench, there's not that much on there that would scare you. To come on and change the game. Potential, yes, but nobody of real skill and pace and wow factor, whereas Liverpool have, of course... CHEERING Sturridge on the bench, Origi... People that can scare you, run behind you, score goals. Ironic cheers from the Spurs fans, greeting the Waterford-Tottenham free-kick. Dier. Giving away to Coutinho. Liverpool trying to maraud forward quickly here, it's Van Aert in possession, Lallana and Mane in support for him, it's Adam Lallana, and Mane makes it two. Classic counter-attacking football, but it doesn't count. The flag is up. I don't know how he can be, by the way. We'll have to see that again, surely, but he shouldn't be. Now Ali will break forward. Let off for Tottenham. CHEERING POOL TURNS Oh, no! Clyne able to get the ball forward and Rose will mop up at the back. It was a great counter by Liverpool. Dier gave the ball away, but wow, did they make the most of it. Kane. Can he squeeze it through towards Jansen? Eriksen. Now Dier. Matip has added a real presence to the heart of that Liverpool back line. CHEERING POOL TURNS ERIKSON! And he's the goalscorer, James Milner. Wanyama. Rose. And Coutinho trying to turn out of Rael, wins the free kick. This was the goal that was chalked off. Yeah, it was a good move, Wijnaldum. Pitcher. Picks wasted time. Oh, it's... Do you know what, it's Lallana that's offside. Probably a boot. Not sure. Supposed to be... Maybe he's got it right by a foot. I'm not sure... ..how he's seen that from there, I don't know, but if he has got it right, what a wonderful decision, but it's tight, really tight. Tottenham are lucky. CHEERING Could be out of this game by a foot. Could be out of this game by now. Well, Liverpool have had a much more commanding lead in north London than this already this season, then. Made life hard for themselves. Just the one goal up in a match in which they've been comfortably the better side, they've hit the woodwork, they've forced a number of good saves out of the goalkeeper, and come very close to doubling the lead. I think that was an excellent call there from Mark Perry. He did look with the 18-yard box line that maybe his boot was ahead of play, so technically offside, but very close to seeing it. Never willing to sweep up, coming outside his penalty area. That's the second time he's done that though. Just a matter of time until cierrage occurs, and that probably means that in any case just letting the earlier ones be picked, they'll take us at the left, and then the fine, success才 tir down the draw. Van Frink lackeysate dei futuroris. And they come back with very good chances to move these ripped up raise in this grabbed Evangel tolerant. There's similar set-ups in a way, I mean, Kane's dropping in a little bit, making himself a ten. It's the pace, it's the tempo, it's the quickness of the passing, the pressing. Liverpool just sharper to everything. There's another pacing point. Nadia kept his nerve but he couldn't keep possession ultimately. Nice, Joshua stayed in. It's a Liverpool throw. Mane. Mane! There were many occasions last season when Jurgen Klopp made wholesale changes for cup ties even against Premier League opposition, but it wasn't the case this week when he named a strong side for the EFL Cup win against Championship side Burt Naby. He made an eloquent statement about his views on the performance of Burnley last week, and that will have made the fluency of the attacking display even more pleasing for him, both then and today as well. It's just been a great experience, it's been a good game, they've really re-established the understanding between specific players and specific roles... I don't think the attacking side of Liverpool's game is going to be an issue really, they've got so much creativity and players willing to get forward. Yeah, you'll have a bad day in that respect, but it's the conceding of goals and the defensive stability that's been the question mark, and today this, back four, first time this has played together, The press look pretty good, actually, which I don't know whether you can praise them too much, because they've hardly been tested, Tottenham have been poor. Now some space for Tottenham to work with, potentially. Kane... Trying to get Eriksen in behind Clyde, and his positioning was good. FANS SHOUT OUT Close. Ali, Wanyama... A little bit lucky. Adegereld resisting the temptation to shoot, Dier whipping it in, and Eriksen misses the target. Better move from Tottenham, but still no end result. Well, it's the first time they've put a move together, really, of... any potency, and it's a good ball from Dier, it's a good pull back. Eriksen just can't keep the ball low enough, but that's better. Trying to get in behind Liverpool and get some crosses in, which we said earlier in the first half is crucial when you've got two guys who want to get in the box and finish. It's called a ten-minute hat-trick for Denmark back in June. Christian Eriksen... to make the most of a relatively rare opportunity for Spurs so far today. And some battling, and fouled by Lovren, who then kicks the ball away. It's probably for that second indiscretion that the referee produces the yellow card. Just stupid, isn't it? He does make some strange decisions, Lovren, I have to say. He does make some strange decisions, Lovren, I have to say. He does make some strange decisions, Lovren, I have to say. You conceded the foul, don't need to kick the ball away and take the yellow. Just get back in the box, do your job. Just get back in the box, do your job. Just get back in the box, do your job. And then I'm sure he'll be tempted by this. Five aerial targets and KC... ..passes the responsibility elsewhere. I'm sure he will try and test Mignolet. He has done. Mignolet equal to it. It's a little bit high. Couldn't give the lads an opportunity to get in and put the head on it, so easy save really for Mignolet. Spurs first corner of the second half. That's an outstanding stop from Mignolet to deny Toby Alderweireld and Spurs an equaliser. Yeah, that's a good save this time. Alderweireld's good header, super save, best save of the match. Another corner. Again, Amy Furt, Alderweireld. Well by Matip for Tongan, forced to go all the way back to his goalkeeper, Michel Vaughan. But Spurs will draw hard from the last five minutes. Better. Halle squeezing it through a congested midfield area, it's Lemaire. Janso was in an offside position, not that he could find him anyway. Some of the challenges increasingly frantic and frenetic around the edge of that penalty area. Well, it's better tempo from Spurs. Get the supporters behind them, keep getting the ball in that final third, keep testing that back four of Liverpool. CHANTING Halle. Janso. Behind Kane, which wasn't where he wanted it, but Eric Dier is making his way forward and Kane's holding him short. That's a poor ball from Harry Kane, Jenson, poor ball behind Kane, and then a poor ball from Kane. He was in as well. Kane. Get that up! Held by Henderson, Alderweireld. CHANTING Strong against Firmino. But with the touch that gives Liverpool the throw, and a chance just to draw breath. Another change is imminent, it's on the Liverpool bench, Divock Origi is the player who's being readied here. CHANTING Milner is told to hurry up with the taking of the throw, and Origi continues to receive instruction. CHANTING His first Premier League start here last season with the Belgian. Let's go, Gries! APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE GRIFFIN CRASHES DRIVER SCREAMS GRIFFIN SCREAMS What was that? Lamella. GRIFFIN SCREAMS He's dead. GRIFFIN SCREAMS GRIFFIN SCREAMS GRIFFIN SCREAMS GRIFFIN SCREAMS And now to Lasse Mane. GRIFFIN SCREAMS he's made a difference hasn't he Marnie in the attack for Liverpool every time they get out they've got him running in behind it's a great out ball as a midfielder or defender when you see someone with his pace wanting the ball could end up being Liverpool's record signing of course and stepping the money they paid for Andy Carroll the deal structured so that add-ons could take it to £36 million it's like £36 million well spent so far Liverpool again in no hurry to restart play and Bobby Madley will give them a final warning in that regard now through the legs of Henderson then caught by Firmino just reacted a little bit as well Alec for a moment I was watching the referee didn't see it he's shaking his head as if it wasn't a foul but he didn't see it he was ball watching saw that one it's a little bit late but not dangerous I think it'll be coming off Firmino now there's Coutinho whose number is up Divock Origi will come on to replace him Origi I'm sure will come in to central position now Firmino will drift out to the left of the three well I think Coutinho apparently was struggling with something so well Maybe a hamstring, so maybe he's just being cautious there. Sensible from Jurgen Klopp, I think. It's Origi rather than Sturridge who comes on first change for the central striking role. I think that's for his ability to run the channels. Probably expects Liverpool to be on the backboard as the game draws on. Spurs being 1-0 down, chasing that goal. It's a good thing. Lallana, who was Pochettino's captain at Southampton. Mane! Goal kick, no foul. It's the Liverpool fans who berate the officials. I think there was a coming together, but it's accidental. It doesn't really matter. No, there isn't, there's nothing in there. I think when you're running that quickly sometimes, any slight touch can take your balance. Offside. Against Origi. Jurgen Klopp has signed six players over the summer, he's been able to balance the books as well, thanks primarily to the departure of Christian Benteke, still ammunition in the training room, and he's been able to get the ball to the transfer market if he wants it. Spurs themselves have been thwarted this week in their attack to sign Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace. A move vetoed by Palace chairman Steve Parish. A time he believed to have tabled a £15m bid for him. Pochettino's been quoted as saying he's happy with the squad, but he's hopeful of adding one new good player. Watch this space. Well, when you look at the Tottenham side, there is a lack of pace. Players with the ability to run past people and dribbles, Zaha will certainly give them that. They've also been on the verge of signing Marseille winger George Kevin Nkudu for a few weeks. One of the longer ongoing transfer sagas in Tottenham's recent history. Kevin! Still hopeful of getting over the line before the transfer window shuts during the week. Here's Eric Dier. Lameda threw himself at it, it's Danny Rose! 1-1. Tottenham rewarded with a goal at the end of their best period of the game. They haven't been fluent for much of the season. But they're getting the goal. And picking up results. Goal that sets up a grandstand last 20 minutes here. And what a pass from Alderweireld, but look at James Milner, left back. Does he really know that position well? Gets done on an easy ball. And Dier's nice and calm, what a ball that is. Mane just switches off there, leaves Rose to come in, and it's a good finish. With Dier here, as you see, he whips in on his left, Lamella nearly gets in, Klein overcovers and Mane can't get back to stop Rose scoring. I'm not sure why Klein's going that far in. Liverpool will be ruining a number of missed opportunities, Danny Rose scoring. 150th league appearance of his career today, it's his ninth Tottenham goal. He's played well today, hasn't he? I think he's been one of the better performers. Liverpool with an opportunity to get their noses back in front straight away. And they have Moogan inside the area, it's Rose again with the important touch. Ron Hewitt, he's good for the ball, good hitter. Creo Kun, nadie sabe como le hace. I think he could eat that penalty, if it didn't break, but he could just simply reject himself down. I sat down at the였습니다, he can't get that off. Lampard is over. one plus and there's a two! He was handling good enough. Now having spilled it there, he would have been in trouble. being able to go on and turn one point into three, but it's Liverpool on the front foot now. Wait. By Alec from Henderson. Genuinely tend to win the ball from Henderson, but a free kick to Tottenham. And again, they've had the chances. Yeah, they have. The irony is Jurgen Klopp's on the touchline going mental. And then the message is for his players to calm down. I mean, talk about the pot calling the kettle black. Matip in strong, away from Jansen. One, Yama. Again, being made. Aware by the crowd of the impending arrival of a man in red. Lamella. Petonga. Mane. Jurgen just gave his countryman, Ander Vareld, enough of a head start there. Quite an ideal pass for him. JAMES GAR TRAIN JONFORD CRYING greedy CHANT tat SUMMER HE BEGAN ORDERING THE JANUARYfall And we'll see who it is. How he nets it Batter out. Berneven sent off... And strikezt Sure mixで We're going to get his vis remarkable more notice no com things like this just safely a terry very good today for large parts of the game, and don't really deserve to be drawing the game, so he'll be pleased in that aspect, but again it's conceding. Not being able to close out games will become a concern if it keeps happening. Excellent contribution from Wanyama, not so good from Rose. Champions League draw could have been better, could have been worse, they faced the teams who finished third in the French and German leagues last season, as well as the Russian champions, CSKA Moscow. Campaign begins at home to Monaco next month, who played in Europe last season as well. Again of course Ruby at Wembley, an ongoing redevelopment of White Hart Lane. Accordingly the stadium away to our right, not there any more, 4,000. 4,000 seats have been taken out. Another card shown to Ali for kicking the ball away. Second player cautioned for that offence in this second half. Fighting sunnyby tonight Antudin, with a force of 18 bisschen shot nosotros Matelli. A half a mark for the Blackhawks, manly cooking ready take. Do not look like I was running, Khan preciso engoviavre since de Gea! Have you got Hosabilir that on a new theme? Awesome. There we go. ему and Regana and вот Too many, isn't it, in a game where there's not been too many nasty challenges? Silly bits of petulance from players, kicking balls away and stuff, wastes of yellers. The answer's physical presence, making life difficult for Milner. Liverpool again have extricated themselves from a tight little area with ease. Matty for Klein. Even away to Eriksen. Kane. Jansen trying to run the channels. Lovren stuck to his task well. Lallana. And Jana is making his 100th appearance in English football today. And Kane, fouled by Firmino. Taking the free kick quickly, knowing that Jansen was going to get going. But he couldn't find him. Come on, John. Come on, John. Don't look here, don't mind that. He's trying to be inventive and creative. He's done OK in this role today. He's linked up play nicely. He's been strong on the ball. Yes, there is an argument. Higher up the pitch, he's going to get more chances. I see that, too. But nothing wrong with looking at him at this role, too. Come on, come on, come on. Don't hit the arm of Eriksen. By the referee who played. He's got the advantage, Lallana. And it's Firmino. Important block. He got in the way. Bargo on his left foot. So easy to defend that, because you know he won't do it. So he stood his ground and blocked the angle. Garp should go on his left foot and take a risk there. He scored ten Premier League goals last season, more than any other Liverpool player. Roberto Firmino. That's the one for him so far this season, which came up burned in the cup. Clyde. Off balance, he did try. He's lucked on his less favoured side. Well, you have to, because he overshowed him that side. I think it was Vertonghen. He's saying to him, go on then, let me see if you can go on your left foot. As soon as you get on there, as long as you've got confidence in the strike, you should be able to test the keeper at least. Keeping it on your right foot makes you that bit more predictable. Still a good move from Liverpool. Recovered well since the goal for Spurs. It was the bounce of the ball that caused the problems there for Alderweireld, wouldn't sit up for him to head it back to his goalkeeper. Tottenham poised to make a change. I don't understand, it could be Harry Kane that is withdrawn for Onama. Milner. Tottenham almost the architects of their own downfall there. Van Alden, Henderson, Lallana, turning neatly. Van Alden again. Tottenham. It's a great play by Mane, but he couldn't quite squeeze it through for the strike partnership ahead of him. Alli might be able to do just that. Shown inside by Henderson. Well read by Lovren. As he steps up from the defensive line, Mane's pace could be a problem for Rose. And he defended it well enough. Superbly well. Great spot from the run of Mane from Rose. Matched him yard for yard. Great full-back play that is. Generous say of Kris Mamberg. aims right Hos chucked in at the end of this route, as they go up to the bench to visible the slug. Here comes physical, and there's 2-1 described already in play. 2-1, very speedy, and Vier takes the assist. от Vier, goal channel one through two. Game 5-16. and the change will be made before Spurs restart play. And it is Harry Kane who will leave the field, and his record will continue, Stilton has never scored a league goal in August. Comes off to be replaced by Josh Onamak. Surprised me, that. Doesn't look particularly tired. I certainly wouldn't be taking Harry Kane off the field. It's a good thing. This is one of the more elaborate haircuts of the Premier League season. I don't know whether he went in and said, can I have a Jaffa cake, that's what he's ended up with. I wouldn't know, I just don't remember the last time I went into a hairdressers. Here's Lamella, Ericsson. That's the one he's been playing for. 24, towards Dier. But he was offside. What do you assess, if it ends this way, those three games that top them this season, five points would be the return? Erm... I think they should be happy with that, I don't think the performances have merited more points than that, Everton played well for half the game and last week they just about deserved it, but today they've been second best for large periods. Coming on strong now, though. Here is Onamak. His first contribution is to win a corner. He's had a handful of brief substitute appearances in the Premier League before, this is the tenth of his career, and he's had a similar number of cut ties for Spurs. Very highly regarded. I don't know much about him, to be honest, I've seen snippets of him, he looks a talent. Ericsson's delivery! And the header from Alderweireld may have been closer. Should have been closer. Well, it was a good ball in and he seemed to have plenty of time with the header. He'd be disappointed with that, it's a chance. Nobody near him, can't get over the ball in time. Heads it up. Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Here's Henderson. What are you doing, man?! A bit raised by Henderson, and the free-kick goes Tottenham's way, Liverpool still have a potent weapon left on the bench, of course, and it's not going to be the longest of appearances for Daniel Sturridge, but as you can see, just over Klopp's shoulder there, he is getting ready. APPLAUSE WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS One, two, three... That yellow card incidentally shown to Jordan Henderson. Not retrieving. That is Onemar. WHISTLE BLOWS Oh, he's done well, really well. Ali... And Lovren took a chance. APPLAUSE But Onemar wasn't going to be able to get on the end of the ball that he'd left for his goalkeeper. He's vindicated for that in the end. It's Firmino, who can turn one point into three in the final five minutes at White Hart Lane. APPLAUSE And he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Lallana. APPLAUSE Origi desperate to keep it in, might wish that he hadn't bothered. Spurs get the ball back to feet. APPLAUSE Both giving the ball away at times. Some tired legs out there now. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Confirmation is led back to... Yellow card for Jordan Henderson was for descent. Fourth Liverpool player booked today. WHISTLE BLOWS Adderford-Else. Ali. Dier. Firmino able to bring the ball away but not get it over Wanyama. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE He's revelled in his defensive linchpin role today, with Dier having had to move out to right-back. And Wanyama's role has been much more defined. I think you've hit the nail on the head there. He seemed to play much better alongside Dele Alli. Because he was more defensive, having to do the covering, whereas when he's next to Dier, of course, he's expected to be a bit further up, let Dier do that, and it doesn't really suit him. I would expect Dembele to come back in the side maybe. When he's fit, give him that bit more drive from the middle of the pitch. But he's certainly more than capable of playing the holding role, Wanyama. He's a big, strong boy who spots danger and protects the ball well. APPLAUSE Well, Liverpool have taken Mane off. And Sturridge is on to replace him. He's talked the talk again this week, Daniel Sturridge. He does have the most advanced central role for Liverpool in these final few minutes. He's urged Jurgen Klopp to give him that opportunity to play through the middle again, and spoken of his frustration of being used in wider positions. And... Well, that's not going to help, of course. Wanyama, late winner from him last week, but not at this juncture. Got to be careful what you say in the press, see if the managers sometimes don't like it, if you go against their wishes, start talking about where you want to play and stuff like that. He's got to get on the pitch and score some goals and show the Liverpool supporters and his manager that he's willing to do a job for the team, and of course when Daniel Sturridge is fit and he's on the pitch, he will score goals. Klopp has talked about the need for fluidity amongst his forward three, so I think the example of Cristiano Ronaldo as a player who utilises wide positions but is always in the centre when it matters, and I think that's how we see Sturridge's place in this team. Here's Origi. Don't play by Vertonghen. Ball from Henderson, and just... Don't play by Vertonghen. Henderson. Mourinho changing the line of attack, taking on Eric Dier. Van Alder. And Vorm read the deflection well. Another big chance for Liverpool. He did well there, Firmino, patient. It was actually a poor effort from Van Alden, he was going wide. And a foot out of Varelde on the way through, but it was right by the side of his body, no real appeals from the Liverpool players. No. In three minutes of stoppage time at the end of this second half. No! He's going. On the mat. Alli. Ali. Jansen. Jansen, trying to set up Eriksen. Now Rose. Lamela. Spurs trying to work a promising opportunity. And unable to do so. Now the break could be on as Matip wants it for him, Firmino's got so much space, Spurs have been caught at the back, Lallana in support. And it's a brilliant saving challenge from Toby out of a rail. It might have protected Tottenham's point. Whereas Naipé from Spurs, giving the ball away again, and Liverpool break so quickly as we know. It's a brilliant tackle from Arruvero. He's been really, really good today, I have to say. Every aspect of his game. Very good. Thick defensive lineups, He serves well for Henry Shields, nice college career coming across here from Mark Mental, George Graham. ujahid's face pages. No notification and he's in the cage, ollen neverاذ typ Unswer Abd al Farah cheered aнить 1 to any offence has a Перicard found myself. serving really well. A понимática que fences do show males days has spotted football one month becuse, de facto, thank God, As soon as he touched it, the flag came up and he let it run. Spurs might have been able to keep going. Liverpool's turn to... ..exhale sharply and know they've got away with one. Yes, you should see that. He's well off. Good spirit from Spurs today to come back. They could have been out of the game. I think on performances, Liverpool deserve the three points. Spurs had the better chances, tested the goalkeeper more. And they will end the afternoon by... ..giving a... ..a Premier League debut for Harry Winks, who made a couple of brief substitute appearances in the Europa League last season. And Winks will come on, as will Kevin Stewart. It's a bit of a special moment for him, former Tottenham trainee. Three years here. Never played at White Hart Lane. He does so now in a Liverpool shirt and he's replaced Lallana. Don't understand that, the life of me. Yes, give a young lad a minute's experience, but... ..Liverpool doing it, it's... And Matip is... ..desperately trying to stop Spurs taking a quick throw. He's going to get a yellow card for it, but probably a good one to take for the team there, because if Tottenham had... ..been allowed to take a quick throw... Yeah. ..Lallana could have been in. And now Liverpool to regroup. Well, on is Eden at the end of the day. Smile from Maurizio Pochettino to Jurgen Klopp. He may well be the more relieved of the two managers. Danny Rose salvaging a point as far as Spurs were concerned. The goal on his 150th league appearance of his career, cancelling out James Milner's... ..late penalty in the first half, after Firmino had been fouled by Eric Lamella. Liverpool will feel that they were the better side, but Spurn chances to win it. It was a better, more resilient defensive performance from the Reds, but not the victory that Jurgen Klopp craved. It's finished. Tottenham 1-1 Liverpool.