and away we go. It's a starry starry night here at Stamford Bridge, so many individual talents and two clubs that have produced some wonderful encounters particularly in the last decade or so, all sorts of competitions. By Valerconte, couldn't quite get there a second time. Sturridge knows all about this place. Slightly confusing his teammate to Sadio Mane, or maybe it was the other way around. As expected Liverpool straight out of the blocks. Clyne, Lallana. Half cleared by Oscar. Trying to get across, there was Wijnaldum. Got into a corner. Good position, Gary Cahill to prepare to him really well. It's been quite a wet 24 hours in the London area. Heavy storms, temperature's still good. Lovely night for football, and a great setting for it. A real theatre of the Premier League here. Vega Costa nearly put through, there was a space there and Willian who played the pass goes again. And then... Coutinho. Lallana. Sturridge waiting on the right, Mane feeding him. He'll get it on his left foot and do that sort of thing. Thibaut Courtois. Let it slip. But it's stuck on the ground rather than the goalkeeper's grasp. Heart in his mouth. Azpilicueta knew that Daniel Sturridge would cut back on his left foot. Didn't really do enough about it. I think he had to get closer to him knowing he was going to do this. And Courtois, lucky man. Here's Henderson. Such a quick start to the game. I've already seen the Daniel Klein roll forwards. And Liverpool love to play with both full-backs advancing. And then James Miller will probably still think of himself as a bit of a stopgap. But realistically for Jürgen Klopp he's the number one choice. He's playing on the opposite flank. The last delay away Liverpool gave it in was Arsenal. First game of the season and they started in the first half poorly but they were brilliant in the second half. Passing it quickly with real intent and they started off here two minutes in but they looked confident. And when they are good away from home they're brilliant. Yeah. Fantastic results including the one here last season which gave Jürgen Klopp his first Premier League win. Sturridge playing a senior game at Chelsea against Chelsea for the first time. Although he'd probably been calling a penalty score here for Manchester City's youth team in a youth cup final. Before he moved on to Chelsea. Here's David Luiz. The second time he starts Chelsea career with a... He's got a debut at home to Liverpool. From his point of view it would be better than the first one. They lost that. He's definitely added pace into this Chelsea team. Conte played at a far higher... John Terry. Mentioning about Luiz. I think the strange thing for me about him is that he let this attack play out. With Lallana. Scored a beautiful goal in that match. Referred to at Arsenal. He scored against Leicester. Also got the winner for Sam Allardyce. Here is Milner. Forward again down the flank. The... The flank was up. That was good. Good for Liverpool. That's amazing. What difference one goal can make to a baptism in a new job. 95th minute. In Chornobyl. And Lallana squeezed it home. The big Sam brain started with a win. Just going back to David Luiz. John Terry's shot. We know those two can't play together. It's been proven before. I don't think this pair, Cahill and Luiz, were particularly good last time. So they're going to have to improve. Conte's got his work cut out in terms of moulding them into pairs. Anyway, rather sending a jolt of electricity through Matip. Just in comparison between the goalkeepers, of course, they are numbers one and two for their country, Belgium. And now the understudy at international level, Thibaut Courtois. Talking of Belgium, here's Eden Hazard. And he's got a great shot. And a tough right pass for the Quetta. Overrated by Matip. Not seeing too much of Chelsea in an attacking vein as yet. David Luiz always thinking offensively. Chelsea's build-up will be a little slower than Liverpool's. This will suit them. Just controlling the game. Switching from side to side. And... And... And... And... Anyone will do it if it's over the top. This will suit everyone if that skillsDOES aid in future games. I can go for one out in a second. And go about it. Yes, but he did get the second goal, I think, in that you get a little weaknesses there, and you see how he averaged, but I don't think this how they do it in this phase of the season. Investigations are pelovoi.com Coste another bite at it here good cross as a playing well and revitalize he finished last season well but of course most of the underachievement just for the player but for the club best defense of a title you will ever see there's Lovren just trying to guide it down for Coutinho might come off nicely by Clyne Mane Coutinho given a chance to express themselves again by the poor clearance Rash Milner went up late Chelsea fans in that part of their ground thinking that Martin Atkinson's assistant would have ruled it out before the end of the game eventually was given to Liverpool Rash again going nowhere in the corner Milner not happy Ivanovic just seemingly just tripping him he's going away from him not sure what he's doing Ivanovic couple of really iffy moments from an experienced defender lacking composure for such an experienced player Rash maybe that captain's armband weighing a bit heavily on him he's still not got back into his position to defend he's lost focus wandering back in now to pick up Lovren Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Challenger Challenger Challenger all Uma Challenger All Uma Shepa it was another Allah it was another Allah one more it was another Allah it was another Allah men in their respective dugouts contain Klopp Coutinho Matip coming forward, Rio Ferdinand like Klein Mane pointing up for a first time cross anticipated and covered well by Asper the Quetta David Luiz prepared to take an extra touch give a little sway of the hips a little bit risky by Chelsea whether the managers encouraged them to do this but just about sandwich with Cahill David Luiz will be very much on that particular page if it comes off it's cool composed defending if it doesn't it's a disaster a team that would want you to pass along the back Liverpool particularly at the edge of your own box Cahill and Luiz are enough to be careful Matip and the other two players and the other two are going to be very difficult to get in the way of the ball and the ball is a bit casual at the back Lucas in the back row there now because perhaps of that mistake which I'm sure most of you saw Costa before the only goal they conceded to the champions last Saturday here's Lallana seeing plenty of the ball here tonight in these early exchanges Mané trying to slide it through for Clyne Chelsea restricted at the moment to try to play on the break here at the bridge when they get back all behind the ball Chelsea just trying to push them up the pitch they do look solid difficult to break down but they're going to have to do it again in the end of the day I think it's going to be a good game for them but they're going to have to do it again in the end of the day I think it's going to be a good game for them Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Chelsea has a five Chelsea has a five across the pitch Oscar just breaking out now across the pitch Oscar just breaking out now getting back in it's a tight four and five one for Chelsea Matip I think it has to be to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the back row to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the back row and the spaces they're in now picking up the ball and able to turn climb climb crosses the corner crosses the corner one of Liverpool's Londoners Nathaniel Klein one of Liverpool's Londoners Nathaniel Klein starting of course with Crystal Palace starting of course with Crystal Palace a weekend off to visit the family after this one a weekend off to visit the family after this one depends on the results I guess depends on the results I guess and he can't help but he can't help but look at that black eye that Lovren got in the clinician training ground with Kevin Stewart in the clinician training ground with Kevin Stewart stop him throwing his head at this if he gets the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson if he gets the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson back by Lallana back by Lallana not threatening the goal with the follow-up i think they'll be happy 10 15 minutes team have settled down there's only problems at the other end what has been odd about the tenure of jordan comfort away premier league games is maybe the game hasn't been quite so dramatic they have been poor at burnley this season they lost at newcastle watford and others last season and they were favorites to win particularly with the kind of show that they were putting on the likes of manchester city and of course here at chelsea i'm not sure pep guardiola would have approved that kind of footwork from him he's a goalkeeper and i don't think jürgen kopp is fuming he's impressed either david lewis threatening ball to find hazard over the head of klein but the flag was up climbing into worried really is out of character darren for these two clubs not to be involved in europe they wouldn't be able to play on this particular evening it's to our benefit where they can think about the premier league over the last few seasons a lot's been out of character for it really up the antique in terms of chelsea expectations when he took over in 2003 it's a rare blip in the league really up the antique in terms of chelsea expectations when he took over in 2003 it's a rare blip in the league and the qualification stakes and the qualification stakes well the loft both the champions league and the europa league trophies in the last five years liverpool of course five times as they're proud to say european cup stroke champions league winners europa league finalists only in meck matic on from lover matic on from lover and alden might collect this and alden might collect this and alden might collect this and alden might collect this Liverpool trying to set the agenda here Liverpool trying to set the agenda here Chelsea seem happy at the moment just to just to sit back 5, 10 yards outside the edge of the box the back four and please have a minute certainly a rash first 15 minutes certainly a rash first 15 minutes oh that could seem to talk to the stand-in skipper tonight Get a good tackling, get a good passing. Nice timing things. Giving away free kicks in dangerous areas as well. Variation on the theme from Liverpool. They've got plenty in the middle. And around the back, Dejan Lovren, not picked up at all, it still needed some finishing, but he finished it splendidly. Liverpool faster out of the blocks here at the bridge, and they lead Chelsea with a goal in the 17th minute from Dejan Lovren. They've been the better team in Liverpool in the first 15 minutes. It's a short one, a sleeping Chelsea. The ball goes back and they push up the Chelsea defence, but Lovren just pulls out at the back post. It's terrible from Chelsea, they're all over the place on that free kick. They really are, put under pressure from Ivanovic, giving it away. He sees it from a long way away, but still makes it look a lot easier. The fact that it hits it into the ground fills Courtois and gives his team a deserved lead. The player with the black eye has put one in the eye for Chelsea. It's his first Premier League goal for Liverpool. Here's Matic. It is a consequence of the way Chelsea have started the game. Poor marking on the ball when it came in, but the giving away of the free kick was cheap as chips. This is very unlike a team that have taken ten points from their first four games. The organisation on the free kick, it's terrible from Chelsea on the way out as the ball goes back. Three or four Liverpool players at the back post. That's the initial free kick. Poor from Ivanovic. Coutinho. Liverpool on the move again. Good value for the lead. Fặ野ер in at dessa. Who has spoken himself up here? Through hisminded dribbling, he's taken it into the cross, then saying to Anatoly Laukだぁă, that if he won, there would beAll Suzakistan. And asians, the old young quintessence disappear. Let´s get into the weekend news. Meet FC copying. A iaouh. Chelsea have got to improve to stop them from nil at the end of their night. There you go. Important ones in the top left of your screen, but that tells a story in the bottom right. Liverpool by far the better team in this opening 20 minutes. I don't know whether it was a tactic from Chelsea or they've just been driven back, but they've certainly retreated in the game. Going into the shape and not really trying to get out towards them, Liverpool. Lovren, the goal scorer, you'll see it here again, the back post, they're all at sea in the middle, that's not a set-up. You see they come out, Gary Cale is pushing out at the end, but Lovren just pulls out to the back post, he's never offside, no-one anywhere near him, so really good delivery from Coutinho. And the finish, fantastic from the centre-back. Mane, Aguilis, caught a knock on the nose. Well kept by Mane, Aguilis recovers, Chelsea find a pass through Matic, to Conte. McDonagh nets him, both garlic balls down. animales to Galvez, mate in the coot. Torres, to Fumanovic, and still at the rink, James act has a soon to do in, organisers over hisХ Carnavich charging forward outside. He then goes the other way. Coutinho is in, far side, too sharp to pick up the moment too bright in the movement the passing Liverpool David Luiz shaken up by that bang in the face you look at Chelsea the static Ivanovic stood still Kante they're really not mobile look at them not getting out towards the ball with any great speed just happened to sit back there in the shape look at those Chelsea blue shirts Martin Atkinson this stop proceedings for this is how it happened in the back of money's head not a very pleasant return to Chelsea's colors so far for David Luiz you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you shape but then there's no real sort of pressing movements from it not making it difficult for them who were almost static he's moving a lot more than his players at the moment has been saying is we must feel the danger we must never relax there's been danger all over the place that they're not gonna be able to get away with that they haven't felt so far. Look at them, they're just jogging Oscar. Matic's not really getting up to the ball, happy just to let Liverpool have it. They're at home in front of 40,000 fans Friday night. They have to go for it. You can't just jog out to people. Sprinting back on is David Luiz. They're not getting close enough. So angry with this. Conte, the manager, certainly not how he normally likes to play. And Aldon. Matic, he's very comfortable on the ball. He might be played through here. Mane waiting in the middle. And others can make their way forward for the corner. They're like mannequins, Chelsea, just getting played around. It's so simple. They're not doing anything particularly special, Liverpool. Some of their intricacy has been fantastic to watch in the games we've seen, but they're not really having to play like that to get through. Chelsea at the moment. Well, they've won at Arsenal, they've drawn at Tottenham. Here they are leading at Chelsea. One of the formative weeks of this new season. In a period like this in the game, go and kill it, go and get the second. Good presence of mind by Willian, he knew he had a bit of room. Conte. He's in for the full throw. And Chelsea, caught flat-footed again. Step over from Sturridge. Could have gone in off anyone. Oh. Shooting Daniel Sturridge, but again, the switch off. Huge space. No organisation at all. Mane just stands in the middle, stops. And Alderweireld can't just get there. It's a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He's got a good shot. It's a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He is a cameraman's delight. Well, Daniel is, I suppose, as well, but I'm referring to Jurgen Klopp. Four years with Chelsea. Struggling for game time. Some of the issues with Chelsea that have resurfaced at Liverpool, but when he's... He's extremely effective, technically splendid. Chelsea have got four in the middle if they can get in across here. There's an overload at the back post. He didn't put it in. And that comes in towards Matic, who's never scored for Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. David Luiz has. Not for a while. Liverpool, the runners, they're not going to be able to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. That's not quite the right ball to suit them. It was Wijnaldum that was closest too. That's Lallana. Henderson. Good work. Strong work by Diego Costa. Out by Matic. He played it to him in the first place. On to Hazard from Matic. Scooped up by Mignolet. Better from Chelsea, is it? Finally they're stirring themselves. They'll have to wake up. Here's Wijnaldum at play. Here's Wijnaldum at face. Clever pass from the outside. He didn't quite get the elevation on it out to Sturridge. Hazard. The risk for Chelsea is the turnovers. Liverpool so quick to spring onto them, but the middle ball really hasn't been quite right in the last few minutes for Liverpool. That's Pellequeta. Chelsea fans a little more interested in this last couple of minutes. See there is the dominance of the away team. Oscar. Willian. And there's Costa. Ivanovic. Get this cross in. Coutinho. Thought he was away. Ivanovic retrieved it well on the stretch. Now Oscar. Kante. Decision making from Kante. His team just had two or three good minutes. Keeping the ball in Liverpool's last third. Giving it to them back there really. Getting them off the hook. Inouye taking his time. Certainly not rushing. Another present. First clubs of course in the Premier League years. The tightness of the rivalry reflected. 19 wins in the league for Chelsea. 18 for Liverpool. And only 24. 24 previous seasons under this structure of football in England. Clyde. Pushing Hazard. Oscar. Bridge packed tonight. A lot of talk about what they're going to do with it Chelsea in terms of developing the side. Have they got planning permission? Have they not? It seems to have been put on hold. Well Liverpool of course have been doing their own building. Played their first game in Anfield last weekend in front of the new main stand. Everybody seems to find it inspiring from a Liverpool point of view. Especially the players. That's for Likweta. And it's been a he couldn't deal with it from the Brazilian he's going to get to the point where he might just have to try and play a little bit more direct up to Diego Costa Chelsea and see whether that works for 10 minutes at the moment he's finding it very difficult to get in the game playing through Liverpool Lovren's headed contact one good attack they had is when they did get it into Diego Costa Hazard offers them hope Matic Oscar Matic again it's been a threat of waiting on the left Willian on the right to get to him Moutinho stopped by N'Golo Kante and here's Willian deflected into the side netting Martin Atkinson waiting for the word from the assistant on the far side they've got a height advantage Matic Costa Matic Keno Lewis all bunching together it's into that mix Luis looks it across Mignolet struggling to get there against Nemanja Matic although the flag had gone up and there's the Chelsea midfield player just left in there Matic they've won a couple of headers Chelsea that first one and the second one just offside Matic would have been interesting had Mane been able to control that it's a real test for him Mane and Sturridge at the moment Liverpool a bit low Keputzi and Mignolet rhinos we've got to keep an eye on Espinosa and El Cueto pushing on it's been a rather hapless first half an hour for Chelsea here below the standards that he has been setting in his short time in the job and he expects a game-in-game out this접laeen Good work, Mike Ye Тогда he~~~~~~~ good work, Mike Ye Santa!! Lovren, challenged by Oscar. Kante got in quickly, as he tends to do. They're looking for finding themselves with a bit more work to do in midfield, and even deeper than that, here's Diego Costa. Getting better, Chelsea, it's no doubt, it's last five minutes. They could hardly have got worse. That's for Liquetta. Plenty of time for redressing the balance. Time, just a little bit late, trying to get there. A ball that has Ard beaten, too. Similar, a rush to the right back of Chelsea. Going away from goal, not going anywhere, Hazard. Clyne didn't need to go to ground. Could it have the same consequences? It would put pressure on if the delivery is right, and it usually is. A little bit of joy caused a little bit of danger at that last set-piece from the corner. This time it's a wide free kick. There's a real urge for teams to push out now, but the gaps they leave behind them sometimes look so inviting for the players to put the ball in there. Mignolet, as he has to, will be close to his goal in case it goes directly... Towards it. Yes! Picks offside, so you could say the tactic worked. He just stayed in there, David Luiz, and didn't come out and go back in. Henderson. Last time that Chelsea beat Liverpool here, they did concede an early goal, and Martin Skerter... Conte... Down the outside of Milner... Matic... Still very subdued at Stamford Bridge. That's for the Quetta. To the over, Coutinho. A nice step between Willian and Ivanovic. They can't get Costa in the game at all, and I always think Costa's involved in the game. You see him there, he brings a lot to Chelsea. You know, sometimes he's... very close to the edge. I think it lifts everybody in his team. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. David Luiz... Playing Wijnaldum on one side. He hasn't had that many touches at all. He was so frustrated. His involvement in his first 35 minutes, or lack of involvement, should I say. He hasn't even been able to sort of get himself ahead of Steem up. No. He's got the same kinds of his temper as well. He seems to thrive on getting pumped up. I can't even think of him going up for an aerial challenge or hunting a ball down or anything. It's a decent try, it's more than that, for Jordan Henderson. It's a sumptuous goal. And Liverpool lead Chelsea by two goals to nil. Even the giant Courtois could get nowhere near it. It's a wonderful moment for Jordan Henderson and for Liverpool. Clearing from Gary Kane, isn't good enough. It's one touch and it's absolutely brilliant. I'm critical of goalkeepers getting beat from that range, but he sets it out so high above the bar, into the top corner, it's absolutely magnificent. Nothing Courtois can do, and Liverpool... What a night so far for them. Helpless. What a night for Liverpool. And Liverpool, they've got a great game going at the moment. Jurgen Klopp celebrates tap-ins like this, but that goal was worthy of the fist pump. He'll be concerned at the moment, as his team, as we look at the replays, have given away a free kick out on the far side. And you are, as they always say, the old football cliché, the most vulnerable when you have just scored, as Liverpool have. As are picking up the pieces Winning a corner Biggest test so far for him His team haven't played They've been outplayed You can pick holes I'm sure Gary over and over again in the first goal The second goal Let's have to say It was wonderful Well the only criticism you could have would be Gary Cale's clearance Not clearing the defensive midfield player But it was a wonderful goal And an own goal off Adam Lallana He's saying he's being nudged I've got the kite, Chelsea And they need to find the spark somehow They need to deliver it Into the first man Willian twice Back in by Hazard Towards David Luiz And he's run away for another Chelsea corner Most sustained spell of pressure coming almost directly from the restart They realise they've gone too long And it's a penalty down Chelsea Roll up your sleeves time for the Blues Same again those five Chelsea targets bunching together around the penalty spot Oh fancy having a run in on that Liverpool defence David Luiz in front of that line Well Jordan Henderson is acting a bit of revenge He's lost 7-2 with Sunderland 5-0 with Sunderland against Chelsea And it's a penalty down Chelsea And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view The finish is absolutely brilliant The finish is absolutely brilliant It's the height that does Courtois It's never in his eye line It's always above him He's reaching, he can never get there Liverpool bench, ecstatic Liverpool bench, ecstatic Theatric Theatric David David 3-1 3-1 remember they won here 3-1 remember they won here last season In October shortly after Jürgen Klopp had arrived They actually went a goal down early in that game Jürgen Klopp had arrived Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ram Ollie Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez five minutes so left in the first half and you do feel Chelsea are going to reactivate it they need a goal before half time the non-playing captain, leader, legend they have a similar mind and strangely enough going 2-0 down takes some of the pressure off you you've now got to go for it there's no cat and mouse stuff now absolutely if they can get a goal back it would make a huge difference before half time if they were to then you can see changes being made Ivanovic dogged work from Milner away from Lovren little bit of hesitation there by Wijnaldum there hasn't been much of that from Liverpool before the game they have more mobile players than Chelsea absolutely told that's Belicretto Henderson in the way it's a goal Steven Gerrard would have been proud of he's taking on of course a lot of the responsibility of the departed captain Henderson again Mane Henderson Milano coming infield is Klein taking it on the burst and taking Chelsea on just losing his balance rather than being knocked to the ground there's a little bit of arrogance in Liverpool's play on the snare side looking so comfortable Willian has done well gets it back again from Oscar and goes on for Chelsea Diego Costa that's how coming in from the opposite flank great turn of pace by Costa to get to the byline but he took just a fraction of a second too long and it's just another Chelsea corner this is where they can be most dangerous needed delivery from Willian disappointing in the last two or three the goal is made by Willian a goal for Chelsea now could really change the half-time team talks both dressing rooms there's a flick on was never threatening to Mignolet's goal Mignolet wanted to throw it out quickly Daniel Sturridge stopped and said calm down a minute to go it's half-time Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal CHEERING You saw a good Fortanitz from City in the derby and last week this hasn't been as good as it was exceptional from the City it will be better in the sense that they don't concede of course because Manchester City did couple of minutes of the first half which changed the complexion of that game cost them the win Chelsea play Leicester in the EFL Cup third round Tuesday 7.30 Manchester United same competition protest from William just got him into trouble as it stands with a 2-1 win Liverpool would go above Chelsea just feel it's not the end of the story and Antonio Conte will get in and get at them he has to do something he has to disrupt them disturb them because nowhere near this first half Chelsea they've hardly disturbed Liverpool it sounds for his half-time team talk Friday night's been a fright night so far for Chelsea but not for Liverpool who've looked excellent Day and Lovren