sluggish, Liverpool so bright score of the first goal, Dejan Lovren Antonio Conte has been complimented I think rightly so for his use of substitutes in his short time as Chelsea boss, that may well come into play again here just about to say he's giving the same 11 plays he started with a chance to turn it around here's Matic Willian looks like Oscar's gone further forward closer to Diego Costa and Conte and Matic are squared off in midfield certainly do need to get the ball forward quicker and try and involve Diego Costa more Matic Hazard now Willian Liverpool approach it in this situation as well away from home expect to be under some pressure Chelsea will surely be better in the second half one thing's for certain if they do get a goal back Liverpool can fold defensively for periods in games we've seen that this season even in the Arsenal game where they were brilliant in the second half for about 20 minutes and also Arsenal back in the game 4-1 became 4-3 and it was nervy at the end crowd reminding Martin Atkinson the limit to how long they can play for 3-0 restarts should take 3-0 there's no doubt you see Costa there at the top of your picture the center screen 3-0 it's further up the field 3-0 3-0 Coutinho 3-0 coming in the sandwich 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 Do you think Gary that the way Chelsea started was perhaps a tactic that went wrong that they were just sitting back and maybe trying to draw the sting out of Liverpool? I think so I think during the half time reflecting on what we saw I think that it was happening too often that Liverpool were able to sort of get control of the game and Chelsea were in that 4-5-1 shape 3-0 Trying to be a bit more purposeful here, Oscar da Costa. But the rashness of Ivanovic and the goal given away blows the tactics and Plan A out of the water and then it looks like a failed, miserable plan, really. It looked like a shoddy performance rather than something that was reined in a little bit deliberately at the start. There's no doubt that if you are Chelsea, you'll have been thinking about Lallana, Mane, Coutinho in those spaces in front of the back four and wanting to close them down, so I think it was probably a tactic that's gone wrong. Matic. Hazard. No sympathy for Diego Costa that time. Can't take any back, he gets in so quickly. Mane felt the speed of the challenge there. Bill. Brick by brick here, Chelsea, you feel. Gets themselves a certain amount of sustained possession and pressure in the game. It's only that that will flourish immediately after they've gone 2-0 down. There's another weak moment from Matic this time. Coutinho. Sturridge could have gone for Coutinho in the first place. If I'd wanted him, he was in space. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Will he? FANS ROAR And a counterattack now Liverpool. And we're right, brick by brick. Felt the most dangerous Chelsea looked in the first half, I should have said pieces. And that in itself as a tactic wouldn't be a bad thing in the second half to try and win as many as they can. MAKES THE POUND Lallana is attached from Wijnaldum. Lovely from Coutinho. Lallana... Sturridge wasn't setting up on the sprint. MAKES THE POUND Lallana... The ball on really for Asper Laquette. Matic have been very good in terms of being quite aggressive in dealing with Costa. The ball has been played up towards them. Willian. Moving out to Coutinho. Chelsea a bit lucky to get it back. Alana. Back to James Milner. Alana. Henderson. Lovely touch from Mane. Coutinho is being pieced together beautifully by Liverpool then. Not like him. Coutinho. Sturridge over on the far side. The runner on his knee. Missed the pass. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. David Luiz. Remember, his first debut was a home defeat to Liverpool. And there's been a bit of lightning around the southeast of England. Might metaphorically strike twice in the same place for the fellow on the ball here. And they're so open to counter attack. Chelsea believing it away. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. And it's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. And it's a goal. You see that? It's a goal. And he gets the ball across the bench. It's a goal. And it's a goal. Well played by Mane. But it's a goal as well. Williams. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. Williams. Williams. And it's not going in. He gets it in. He gets it in. We've got a good shot. We've got a good shot. We've got a good shot. And he's back in position. The defenders weren't sure about that. Eyes on the ball. Hazard. And that's Conte. And fouling, the crowd don't like it, but the whistle hasn't gone because Martin Atkinson's recognised Liverpool's did have the ball. One of those areas where 2-0 up, away from home, he might have been happy to have the free kick. I'm not sure how the benefit could have been with Liverpool not to have the free kick. It's a dangerous position. Matip, a deflect from Sturridge. CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FANS ROAR Chelsea started the evening knowing a win would take them top of the table at the start of this weekend. They have never won in the Premier League years after being 2-0 down at half-time. Liverpool passing it, it looks like combinations, it looked like single passes from Chelsea. There was no real combinations happening. Little one there. The next pass is in. He's on his own. Costa having it go on his own. And a great challenge by Milner. There's a whistle. Lallana running it on for Mane, trying to take David Luiz on, on the half-turn. He hasn't changed his image while he's been away, David Luiz. He's not changed his play, but he's taken too many risks here. He must wonder what he's walked back into. I don't think he's been culpable for anything that's gone wrong in terms of the actual goals, and he has been quite safe, if anything. When the ball's gone down the channel, he's not tried any Cruyff turns, he's just kicked it out of play. Matip. And he couldn't keep it in. You just feel with David Luiz that Chelsea would have had a list of central defenders they wanted to sign, and I'm not sure how near the top of it he was, the other targets presumably were out of reach. It's just a bizarre signing, really, because as I said earlier on in the game, he's played with Cahill before and it hasn't worked that well, he's played with Terry before and they don't seem to get on that well, but they've played together, so I thought that now Conte's brought him back, and I can't believe he's a Conte type of player. It was his ball that got Diego Costa chasing there, beautifully delivered from the back, and he onrushing forward. In terms of David Luiz, there is definitely a place for him, he's a big character and personality, just as it seemed to fit what's here. Big ball from Nemanja Matic to Willian. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. Lovren is secured by the near post, good defending. Ivanovic. And they nearly pinched that. Chelsea would have been in trouble. Here's Azpilicueta. A bit more fervour in the Chelsea support, a bit more aggression in the Chelsea play. Ivanovic. This has happened a lot when Chelsea had it in the last third. This has happened a lot when Chelsea had it in the last third. They haven't done that enough to get it into feet. They're trying to win a corner, but he's trying to get his cross in. It's better, they can feed it in to feet, in and around the edge of the box, rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Advantage goes, trying to flick it on. Of course, it's a bit of a nuisance. David Luiz, taking it on himself, gives it to... Ivanovic. This is Hazard, staying on his feet to his credit. It was good for Mane to get back. But Willian... Pantin blew in the middle. Ivanovic. He's got a lead in the run. Goal kick. It was a little clumsy from James Millen to start with, but by the time he fell... he sort of threw himself to the ground. This bit's a little bit clumsy there. He's struggling, he's wrestling with James Millen, and then he opens at the end. He played a part in that Chelsea equaliser at Swansea, didn't he? By dribbling the ball, looped up for Costa, and his second goal. Daniel Sturridge applauding the Liverpool fans, and not the Chelsea majority who used to cheer him. Divock Origi... comes on in place... of the England striker. Down the tunnel, whether there's a fitness issue there. No-one will remember in the 56th minute of the game what Mane did at the back post there to get back and stop what was a likely goal for Liverpool, a likely goal for Eden Hazard in so much space, so close to goal. It's brilliant work back from the wide player. This is the work that your team-mates really do appreciate. He's just about to line up there to shoot, and he gets back in and gets a foot and turns him away from goal. That's the kind of work you need to do. And it's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Ivanovic. I suppose in some ways that has been taught with David Luiz coming back about how they're going to go to three at the back. But to go to three at the back, which they could do, I'm going to ask myself the question, where are the wing-backs? There's an obvious energetic up-and-down wing-backs here that I can see at Chelsea. You might ask William, but is he really a wing-back? I'm not sure. Here's Oscar. He's going for goal. I suppose Marcus Alonso might come into that category as a wing-back. Maybe. But there's such specialist positions, the energy you require to be such a good defender. Incredible endurance. Good attacking. I don't see obvious... He's going back in time, isn't he, to have a back three of David Luiz Cahill? I don't think so. And Terry, here's Coutinho winning it. The Chelsea fans are angry with their team again. He's been poor, Ivanovic, I have to say. Lallana. Back to him from Mane. I could argue he started the rashness in the first 15 minutes, and he looks really like he's struggling. Poor season last year. Coutinho. Origi. Oh. Oh. He's watching Ivanovic with the balls around him. He's finding it difficult to get near anybody. That ball was from Matic. There you go, Costa. That was a sweet turn in the first place from Oscar, but then he was crowded out, not fouled. Martin Atkinson just a couple of yards away from the incident. He did get a little tap on his ankles. He's got a little bit of a Lovren. At the moment, Matic, Ivanovic, they look really like it. Really like it. I don't know if this Liverpool team can do that to you, but... Well, distances are measured these days, aren't they? Liverpool... are monitored to have run further than any other team, in the opening round of games. Luis, running with the ball. Matic. Now, Willian. Must have beaten West Ham. They've won at Watford. Beaten Burnley here. Drawing at Swansea. They really had enough to win the game. Here's Matic. He's done very well. He picks someone out now. He hits it to Oscar. Wow. This could turn the tide. His hot streak continues. But Matic did superbly. Absolutely. I must say about Matic, looking legged, and all of a sudden, so poor for Liverpool, Jordan Henderson there to stop him. Not go with that run. Even Adam Lallana. He really is. Poor defending. They've caused their own problems. It's good for Matic. Matic doesn't do enough. He's getting brought into the game. Exactly where he would want it, Diego Costa. But I have to say, Liverpool's vulnerability... surfacing out of nowhere there. He's alive. He's alive. Get back and get on with it, was the message from the manager. It was not an easy finish. It wasn't the most straightforward of heights. And he had to get in half power in it to beat the goalkeeper and the man on the line. Liverpool now can see the free kick. That's a completely different game. The crowd are up. He'll be up. The game was just drifting by. You'd say at half-time, get through the first 15 minutes, the second half if you were Jurgen Klopp. They've done that. But a minute later... A different complexion for the game. And suddenly now Chelsea might be one touch away from equalising. That's a big test for Liverpool now. Jurgen Klopp. Sat in his dugout. Fearing what might happen here. Ivanovic in the wall. So he's hardly had a touch, Diego Costa. But he's had a telling touch here to keep his great run going. Five goals already now in the Premier League this season. I just watched Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson. The ball gets played off and then both of them... So poor. Matip, so poor. And he doesn't have to do a lot in the end. Just chips it over. It's a simple finish. A little bit of an attempted block on the line from Milner. He knows they're backing the game. The eyes. Well, it's the first time we've seen the eyes tonight. The first chance he's had tonight. And he's gobbled it up. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. There's one thing. Certainly, they've all played well Liverpool for 60 minutes. You can't trust them defensively. Still no clean sheet in the Premier League this season for them. It's a big let down. It really is because they are fantastic to watch. Particularly when they play with the quick combinations, the movements. When you see things like that. It really does let them down. Massive frustration and anger. Oh, well, you can see it there. Can't believe it. You just wonder, Gary, generally, where the ruthless, brutal defenders are. Because, er, we see so many soft goals in the Premier League. There was nothing happening on the pitch there, and you know his thoughts. He's there shaking, saying, I can't believe what I've just seen. We've created this ourselves. Forward by... Oh, it's Costa, could be in again, here! Thought he was offside. He might not have been, but he looks offside from the header down. I'm not sure the assistant referee was in line, maybe he was, we'll see here. But again, a bit more direct. Just maybe. And Olsen is in. Conte now. Conte's been talking about the differences, the difference between managing in Italy and in England, and how you can control games, you can... ..effectively... ..get yourself across the line, manage the situation in Italian football much easier than in this league, where things can happen right to the very last. We're delighted to say, because this is going to be some last 25 minutes here. Three games this season, Liverpool first game of the season 4-3, the Manchester derby and now this one. All really good games to watch. You can see there now, Chelsea... ..more than just the goal, now dominating the ball. It's just gone out for Conte. I talk about where the dependable defenders, maybe there aren't that many around, but... I suppose leaders on the pitch that are able to turn the game around and hold the game and slow it down or pick it up, that's where Liverpool are at the moment. They're a very good team to watch. They just lack that strength sometimes. Still a threat going forward. You feel that they need to score again if they're going to win here. Yeah. Martinho, Lion, Lallana... ...and still a threat. I think you're right. That's what Jurgen Klopp will be thinking as well at the end of the goal. Good morning. He's so elusive, so determined. He's getting into the Pantiera and then he's going to say to Chelsea, what are you going to do to stop me? How are you going to stop me? And he's been stopping fairly enough. He's taken the steam out of the game. Daniel Klein just taking his time with the throwing. Keep it away. Your own defensive third and just... get yourselves back into the game in this next five minutes. Big five minutes. And away by Hazard. Matip. Klein got a foot to it. David Luiz. Martinho, nudging it on for Milner. He had so many chances to get forward in the second half. A room for Wijnaldum. Henderson. Martinho from a standing start. Good strength from Origi. Woken in by Milner. By David Luiz. Then Henderson. Milner again. Happy to get the free kick. Last couple of minutes have been good for Liverpool. They just need to slow the game down. It's a welcome free kick. Just takes the sting out of the game and the crowd. Nail-biting. Oh. Well, everyone just seems disappointed. Heady, heady, heady... Beat Frozen, Kane Quid, Sporting. But he's still worried about his wickets. Watch out for diving under the middle line... Good follow-up ball from hide, skills to hit across the starting line. Hum, that net downhill and they've got the ball to save the first points of the game. Oh yeah, that's important. Tanguy Cante's going for it. He wasn't called upon. That's a little snick up, one of his own players, or a Liverpool player, it's past him. Savanovic with a really good defensive header. On either post for Chelsea. Courtois, the play. A counter-attack, bowls it out to Hazard. Great throw. Hazard leaves Lallana. And it's a good one. Coming from the goalkeeper, this, remember. And now Liverpool, they've got the energy. They're all racing back. In the end, the pass actually relieved the danger. Good catch, excellent throw. Matic. Hazard. That's for Laquetta. I think, having set up the goal down that side, that might be the area to approach. Willian is waiting out here on the opposite flank. A bit of... Ivanovic. That's for Laquetta. Hazard. Diego Costa, not quite on the money. Covering by Clyne. That's a good line. That's a good line. Matic. A run out of room here. 20 minutes to go. Coming up on Super Sunday, Crystal Palace at home to Stoke. 130 Sky Sports 1. Spurs against Sunderland. They've been having to piece themselves together after... probably watched Sky on Monday night. Everton put them to the sword in that second half. Chelsea could be in trouble here. Arnaud's offside, but Rigi had the chance to take it on himself. That's probably the way you would watch Sturridge. His left foot there. I think they chose the wrong option. That's a good one. That's a big chance for Liverpool. Antonio Conte... still not shuffling his pack. Oh, resisted. Oh, resisted. Changing. And they've been starting 11 so far. Maybe a bit surprising. But they're getting stronger in the game, that's for certain. That's Fabregas. I think maybe Michy Batshuayi has done... good things... on the bench already. He has options. Victor Moses as well, who's... still a Chelsea player. Lots of loans, including one at Liverpool. ... Contact. David Luiz. Chased by Manet. Can't ask so much of his players in terms of energy and industry. Can't ask so much of his players in terms of energy and industry. over-replied there Conte that's Arsene's turn Ernst Henderson gives it straight to Coutinho he's putting in a shift isn't he Sadio Mane with the ball and without it he's not the only one Chelsea raising their industry as well encouraged by the goal cricket given against Divock Origi the ball had gone out dangerous boot in Oscar's face but he shied away from it understandably Henderson hooked it forward on to Coutinho now to play again and it's a good ball and it's a good ball really is a product the rivalry of recent history the Mourinho-Benitez clashes a war of words before a ball was kicked usually Keha Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Kanens Matic Matic Matic Mancini bangs Labour M большой Ke obedient Ke feed the ball Ke ball really well Liverpool, the crowd have gone a little bit flat, but you have to say the goal came from absolutely nowhere, out of nothing. In this position in Swansea, now Sunday and got a 2-2 out of it. Here's Willian, Lovren, goalkeeper will be required, in the end required, in a simple fashion. It doesn't surprise me, Liverpool, but I don't trust them to see the game out for some reason. Maybe it's the evidence of what I've seen in the last three or four years, but when a game drifts, the better when they're really proactive and on the front foot, playing like they play. I'd say their football stopped as well. He's sitting back in his chair. Living those thoughts as well. I've seen it before. There are some managers who are cool and calculated and genuinely not so emotional about it, live on results, they know that, but others kick every ball, and Jurgen Klopp is in that category, and you say Antonio Conte as well. It was a handball by Sumbot. Not clear, is that? That was a very strange clearance in the end of it by David Luiz, but Chelsea have survived that, and the penalty shout. Wijnaldum with a great piece of retrieving for Liverpool. The more risk that Chelsea need to take, the better chance Liverpool have got of picking up a third goal with a counter-attack. This is a more controlled attack. Wijnaldum. That's a back from Lovren. Spots Matip. Henderson. To Klein. He's put in a great cross, but unfortunately the man most likely to attack it was the little Coutinho. Chelsea fans still... not happy with their team, and thinking that they're wasting possession when they do get it. Liverpool can be more clinical, they have been for the majority of the game so far. Mane. Klein again. Coutinho! And the deflection could have long-footed Courtois, it could have crept in there for Origi. Yes! Yes! Good. Gary Cahill, good ball, he's put a couple of good crosses, he's pulled back behind the Chelsea defence, it's a good touch, it's just Gary Cahill gets that left boot on it. A bit more effective when the cross is coming low, Coutinho, the earlier one, asked too much of him. Lallana. They're engaging better, Chelsea, but they're still not doing it to actually being able to control the game, as they desperately need to in this last dozen minutes or so. Lallana challenging back on Oscar again. Matic, who's set up one, can't take getting into the box. It's the same problems as Coutinho in that respect. Wijnaldum. Both sides waiting to make a change. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana, wanting to run to the left, but there wasn't one. Certainly controlling the game. Liverpool, possession. Chelsea. How much can you do about it this moment? Coutinho. It's the best way to see it through, of course, for Liverpool here. They have the ball. Their lead is intact. Chelsea actually going to make two changes. Lallana. Liverpool keeping possession shrewdly, coolly. Lallana. Milner. Have a pass on. Martin Atkinson, a bit of a problem for Coutinho. Stop him. He's going to score. Hanging it back to Milner. And a riggy! Well, that could be a really big moment in the game. It was a great chance to wrap it up for Liverpool. Courtois kept it out. It stays at 2-1. Hands on his head. Should have headed the ball in the back of the net. It's a fantastic move. So many passes. The deflection is perfect. He heads it down to be fair to him. Courtois gets down on it. down well it's a good saves behind him left hand strong what a chance five yards out that's the game isn't it yeah big moments still in the balance still got his hands on his head oh lucas who played as a makeshift centre-back against leicester not happy to be hooked not happy is an offensive change lucas's last goal for liverpool was six years ago this very date chelsea have three lined up to come on but they're gonna make it's a marina like situation to be taken first diego costa heads away fronte so really going in with a footway down by david luis chelsea triplets still waiting to come on given away by ivanovich he's had better nights manik and here comes the reshuffle from antonio victor moses for william william william william закры clark welcoming he has been misled no light lady Ten minutes. Almost three players to make an impact. Origi. Found by Wijnaldum. Milner. Wijnaldum. He was offside. With the flag. Six minutes past stoppage time. Chelsea still chasing. Chasing because of a very below par first half. Hazard's gone through the middle with Costa. Pedro left, Moses right. Rodriguez in midfield. Here's Lallana. Not sure to help. Milner. Said too long for Wijnaldum at this stage. He's maybe just stretched a muscle. He's setting off on that chase. Having a look at the bench. No, it's the thumbs up from the Dutchman. David Luiz. A happy homecoming thus far. As Gary was saying, no real finger pointing at him. Fabregas. PCM... Penalty represented up against Lesley. fermictional change of mind Lucas прод Bing Mané. Origi. the ball good game it's Pedro I'll see fighting the very least preserve their unbeaten start to the season Antonio Conte came here of course with a great record of beaten home games one with Juventus he won two out of two in the Premier League very much under threat here three and a half minutes by stoppage time now mentioned before about the Premier League you can never relax it's Moses Swansea on Sunday and here tonight is their taste I've scored a lot of late goals Chelsea already this season turned it around at Watford demoralizing for Liverpool to lose this game sorry draw this game sorry I'll drop points team here's Ivanovic Fabregas as up looking for Moses Costa Moses has gone again they were so close to each other whether there was a chance to tee up the substitute here's Ivanovic leaving it to as a as you would I'm a gas as up Lucas Lucas says no free kick Chelsea we lost out in 50-50 Lucas in the box just before that and then he plays for us out he sticks his left boot out there see not sure he's gonna lot wrong Lucas as I've seen in the last few games he's got a lot of good he does that has would the free kick Lucas books well well Liverpool have had so much supremacy very good value for their 2-0 halftime lead Antonio Conte would take 2-2 for the second game in a row in the Premier League and David Luiz Scott tonight chance not to be scarred by the result I think he'll put his centre-backs in the wall where Adam Lallana is and Wijnaldum just put his centre-backs in, he's going to shoot doesn't look big it's going to really look OK on this side it's into the wall for Fabregas shouts for Hambour poor for a kick from Fabregas good interception by David Luiz on the retreat otherwise Mane and Wijnaldum would have been away I think Fabregas was going to go up here Fabregas backing on the fact that Liverpool were concentrating on David Luiz poor free kick talk about a lack of height, a little bit of a handball I don't know but they're bringing on Kevin Stewart for Wijnaldum who has been showing signs of fatigue getting a senior career with Liverpool he was with Tottenham Alex Inglethorpe move from Spurs to Liverpool as a coach when Stewart was released at White Hart Lane made sure Liverpool picked him up and he's going to try and help get them across the line there line here alongside Lucas a barrier in front of the back four there they are 21 and 35. three added minutes Liverpool that away from three splendid points to stay firm with the first ball but we read it to play short in the middle played by David Luiz Liverpool holding a line you