sluggish, Liverpool so bright score of the first goal, Dejan Lovren Antonio Conte has been complimented I think rightly so for his use of substitutes in his short time as Chelsea boss, that may well come into play again here just about to say he's giving the same 11 plays he started with a chance to turn it around here's Matic Willian looks like Oscar's gone further forward closer to Diego Costa and Conte and Matic are squared off in midfield certainly do need to get the ball forward quicker and try and involve Diego Costa more Matic Hazard now Willian Liverpool approach it in this situation as well away from home expect to be under some pressure Chelsea will surely be better in the second half one thing's for certain if they do get a goal back Liverpool can fold defensively for periods in games we've seen that this season even in the Arsenal game where they were brilliant in the second half for about 20 minutes and also Arsenal back in the game 4-1 became 4-3 and it was nervy at the end crowd reminding Martin Atkinson the limit to how long they can play for 3-0 restarts should take 3-0 there's no doubt you see Costa there at the top of your picture the center screen 3-0 it's further up the field 3-0 3-0 Coutinho 3-0 coming in the sandwich 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 3-0 Do you think Gary that the way Chelsea started was perhaps a tactic that went wrong that they were just sitting back and maybe trying to draw the sting out of Liverpool? I think so I think during the half time reflecting on what we saw I think that it was happening too often that Liverpool were able to sort of get control of the game and Chelsea were in that 4-5-1 shape 3-0 Trying to be a bit more purposeful here, Oscar da Costa. But the rashness of Ivanovic and the goal given away blows the tactics and Plan A out of the water and then it looks like a failed, miserable plan, really. It looked like a shoddy performance rather than something that was reined in a little bit deliberately at the start. There's no doubt that if you are Chelsea, you'll have been thinking about Lallana, Mane, Coutinho in those spaces in front of the back four and wanting to close them down, so I think it was probably a tactic that's gone wrong. Matic. Hazard. No sympathy for Diego Costa that time. Can't take any back, he gets in so quickly. Mane felt the speed of the challenge there. Bill. Brick by brick here, Chelsea, you feel. Gets themselves a certain amount of sustained possession and pressure in the game. It's only that that will flourish immediately after they've gone 2-0 down. There's another weak moment from Matic this time. Coutinho. Sturridge could have gone for Coutinho in the first place. If I'd wanted him, he was in space. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Will he? FANS ROAR And a counterattack now Liverpool. And we're right, brick by brick. Felt the most dangerous Chelsea looked in the first half, I should have said pieces. And that in itself as a tactic wouldn't be a bad thing in the second half to try and win as many as they can. MAKES THE POUND Lallana is attached from Wijnaldum. Lovely from Coutinho. Lallana... Sturridge wasn't setting up on the sprint. MAKES THE POUND Lallana... The ball on really for Asper Laquette. Matic have been very good in terms of being quite aggressive in dealing with Costa. The ball has been played up towards them. Willian. Moving out to Coutinho. Chelsea a bit lucky to get it back. Alana. Back to James Milner. Alana. Henderson. Lovely touch from Mane. Coutinho is being pieced together beautifully by Liverpool then. Not like him. Coutinho. Sturridge over on the far side. The runner on his knee. Missed the pass. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. David Luiz. Remember, his first debut was a home defeat to Liverpool. And there's been a bit of lightning around the southeast of England. Might metaphorically strike twice in the same place for the fellow on the ball here. And they're so open to counter attack. Chelsea believing it away. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. And it's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. And it's a goal. You see that? It's a goal. And he gets the ball across the bench. It's a goal. And it's a goal. Well played by Mane. But it's a goal as well. Williams. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. Williams. Williams. And it's not going in. He gets it in. He gets it in. We've got a good shot. We've got a good shot. We've got a good shot. And he's back in position. The defenders weren't sure about that. Eyes on the ball. Hazard. And that's Conte. And fouling, the crowd don't like it, but the whistle hasn't gone because Martin Atkinson's recognised Liverpool's did have the ball. One of those areas where 2-0 up, away from home, he might have been happy to have the free kick. I'm not sure how the benefit could have been with Liverpool not to have the free kick. It's a dangerous position. Matip, a deflect from Sturridge. CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FANS ROAR Chelsea started the evening knowing a win would take them top of the table at the start of this weekend. They have never won in the Premier League years after being 2-0 down at half-time. Liverpool passing it, it looks like combinations, it looked like single passes from Chelsea. There was no real combinations happening. Little one there. The next pass is in. He's on his own. Costa having it go on his own. And a great challenge by Milner. There's a whistle. Lallana running it on for Mane, trying to take David Luiz on, on the half-turn. He hasn't changed his image while he's been away, David Luiz. He's not changed his play, but he's taken too many risks here. He must wonder what he's walked back into. I don't think he's been culpable for anything that's gone wrong in terms of the actual goals, and he has been quite safe, if anything. When the ball's gone down the channel, he's not tried any Cruyff turns, he's just kicked it out of play. Matip. And he couldn't keep it in. You just feel with David Luiz that Chelsea would have had a list of central defenders they wanted to sign, and I'm not sure how near the top of it he was, the other targets presumably were out of reach. It's just a bizarre signing, really, because as I said earlier on in the game, he's played with Cahill before and it hasn't worked that well, he's played with Terry before and they don't seem to get on that well, but they've played together, so I thought that now Conte's brought him back, and I can't believe he's a Conte type of player. It was his ball that got Diego Costa chasing there, beautifully delivered from the back, and he onrushing forward. In terms of David Luiz, there is definitely a place for him, he's a big character and personality, just as it seemed to fit what's here. Big ball from Nemanja Matic to Willian. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. And one foot's Milner. Lovren is secured by the near post, good defending. Ivanovic. And they nearly pinched that. Chelsea would have been in trouble. Here's Azpilicueta. A bit more fervour in the Chelsea support, a bit more aggression in the Chelsea play. Ivanovic. This has happened a lot when Chelsea had it in the last third. This has happened a lot when Chelsea had it in the last third. They haven't done that enough to get it into feet. They're trying to win a corner, but he's trying to get his cross in. It's better, they can feed it in to feet, in and around the edge of the box, rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Liverpool. Advantage goes, trying to flick it on. Of course, it's a bit of a nuisance. David Luiz, taking it on himself, gives it to... Ivanovic. This is Hazard, staying on his feet to his credit. It was good for Mane to get back. But Willian... Pantin blew in the middle. Ivanovic. He's got a lead in the run. Goal kick. It was a little clumsy from James Millen to start with, but by the time he fell... he sort of threw himself to the ground. This bit's a little bit clumsy there. He's struggling, he's wrestling with James Millen, and then he opens at the end. He played a part in that Chelsea equaliser at Swansea, didn't he? By dribbling the ball, looped up for Costa, and his second goal. Daniel Sturridge applauding the Liverpool fans, and not the Chelsea majority who used to cheer him. Divock Origi... comes on in place... of the England striker. Down the tunnel, whether there's a fitness issue there. No-one will remember in the 56th minute of the game what Mane did at the back post there to get back and stop what was a likely goal for Liverpool, a likely goal for Eden Hazard in so much space, so close to goal. It's brilliant work back from the wide player. This is the work that your team-mates really do appreciate. He's just about to line up there to shoot, and he gets back in and gets a foot and turns him away from goal. That's the kind of work you need to do. And it's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Ivanovic. I suppose in some ways that has been taught with David Luiz coming back about how they're going to go to three at the back. But to go to three at the back, which they could do, I'm going to ask myself the question, where are the wing-backs? There's an obvious energetic up-and-down wing-backs here that I can see at Chelsea. You might ask William, but is he really a wing-back? I'm not sure. Here's Oscar. He's going for goal. I suppose Marcus Alonso might come into that category as a wing-back. Maybe. But there's such specialist positions, the energy you require to be such a good defender. Incredible endurance. Good attacking. I don't see obvious... He's going back in time, isn't he, to have a back three of David Luiz Cahill? I don't think so. And Terry, here's Coutinho winning it. The Chelsea fans are angry with their team again. He's been poor, Ivanovic, I have to say. Lallana. Back to him from Mane. I could argue he started the rashness in the first 15 minutes, and he looks really like he's struggling. Poor season last year. Coutinho. Origi. Oh. Oh. He's watching Ivanovic with the balls around him. He's finding it difficult to get near anybody. That ball was from Matic. There you go, Costa. That was a sweet turn in the first place from Oscar, but then he was crowded out, not fouled. Martin Atkinson just a couple of yards away from the incident. He did get a little tap on his ankles. He's got a little bit of a Lovren. At the moment, Matic, Ivanovic, they look really like it. Really like it. I don't know if this Liverpool team can do that to you, but... Well, distances are measured these days, aren't they? Liverpool... are monitored to have run further than any other team, in the opening round of games. Luis, running with the ball. Matic. Now, Willian. Must have beaten West Ham. They've won at Watford. Beaten Burnley here. Drawing at Swansea. They really had enough to win the game. Here's Matic. He's done very well. He picks someone out now. He hits it to Oscar. Wow. This could turn the tide. His hot streak continues. But Matic did superbly. Absolutely. I must say about Matic, looking legged, and all of a sudden, so poor for Liverpool, Jordan Henderson there to stop him. Not go with that run. Even Adam Lallana. He really is. Poor defending. They've caused their own problems. It's good for Matic. Matic doesn't do enough. He's getting brought into the game. Exactly where he would want it, Diego Costa. But I have to say, Liverpool's vulnerability... surfacing out of nowhere there. He's alive. He's alive. Get back and get on with it, was the message from the manager. It was not an easy finish. It wasn't the most straightforward of heights. And he had to get in half power in it to beat the goalkeeper and the man on the line. Liverpool now can see the free kick. That's a completely different game. The crowd are up. He'll be up. The game was just drifting by. You'd say at half-time, get through the first 15 minutes, the second half if you were Jurgen Klopp. They've done that. But a minute later... A different complexion for the game. And suddenly now Chelsea might be one touch away from equalising. That's a big test for Liverpool now. Jurgen Klopp. Sat in his dugout. Fearing what might happen here. Ivanovic in the wall. So he's hardly had a touch, Diego Costa. But he's had a telling touch here to keep his great run going. Five goals already now in the Premier League this season. I just watched Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson. The ball gets played off and then both of them... So poor. Matip, so poor. And he doesn't have to do a lot in the end. Just chips it over. It's a simple finish. A little bit of an attempted block on the line from Milner. He knows they're backing the game. The eyes. Well, it's the first time we've seen the eyes tonight. The first chance he's had tonight. And he's gobbled it up. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. There's one thing. Certainly, they've all played well Liverpool for 60 minutes. You can't trust them defensively. Still no clean sheet in the Premier League this season for them. It's a big let down. It really is because they are fantastic to watch. Particularly when they play with the quick combinations, the movements. When you see things like that. It really does let them down. Massive frustration and anger. Oh, well, you can see it there. Can't believe it. You just wonder, Gary, generally, where the ruthless, brutal defenders are. Because, er, we see so many soft goals in the Premier League. There was nothing happening on the pitch there, and you know his thoughts. He's there shaking, saying, I can't believe what I've just seen. We've created this ourselves. Forward by... Oh, it's Costa, could be in again, here! Thought he was offside. He might not have been, but he looks offside from the header down. I'm not sure the assistant referee was in line, maybe he was, we'll see here. But again, a bit more direct. Just maybe. And Olsen is in. Conte now. Conte's been talking about the differences, the difference between managing in Italy and in England, and how you can control games, you can... ..effectively... ..get yourself across the line, manage the situation in Italian football much easier than in this league, where things can happen right to the very last. We're delighted to say, because this is going to be some last 25 minutes here. Three games this season, Liverpool first game of the season 4-3, the Manchester derby and now this one. All really good games to watch. You can see there now, Chelsea... ..more than just the goal, now dominating the ball. It's just gone out for Conte. I talk about where the dependable defenders, maybe there aren't that many around, but... I suppose leaders on the pitch that are able to turn the game around and hold the game and slow it down or pick it up, that's where Liverpool are at the moment. They're a very good team to watch. They just lack that strength sometimes. Still a threat going forward. You feel that they need to score again if they're going to win here. Yeah. Martinho, Lion, Lallana... ...and still a threat. I think you're right. That's what Jurgen Klopp will be thinking as well at the end of the goal. Good morning. He's so elusive, so determined. He's getting into the Pantiera and then he's going to say to Chelsea, what are you going to do to stop me? How are you going to stop me? And he's been stopping fairly enough. He's taken the steam out of the game. Daniel Klein just taking his time with the throwing. Keep it away. Your own defensive third and just... get yourselves back into the game in this next five minutes. Big five minutes. And away by Hazard. Matip. Klein got a foot to it. David Luiz. Martinho, nudging it on for Milner. He had so many chances to get forward in the second half. A room for Wijnaldum. Henderson. Martinho from a standing start. Good strength from Origi. Woken in by Milner. By David Luiz. Then Henderson. Milner again. Happy to get the free kick. Last couple of minutes have been good for Liverpool. They just need to slow the game down. It's a welcome free kick. Just takes the sting out of the game and the crowd. Nail-biting. Oh. Well, everyone just seems disappointed. Heady, heady, heady... Beat Frozen, Kane Quid, Sporting. But he's still worried about his wickets. Watch out for diving under the middle line... Good follow-up ball from hide, skills to hit across the starting line. Hum, that net downhill and they've got the ball to save the first points of the game. Oh yeah, that's important. Tanguy Cante's going for it. He wasn't called upon. That's a little snick up, one of his own players, or a Liverpool player, it's past him. Savanovic with a really good defensive header. On either post for Chelsea. Courtois, the play. A counter-attack, bowls it out to Hazard. Great throw. Hazard leaves Lallana. And it's a good one. Coming from the goalkeeper, this, remember. And now Liverpool, they've got the energy. They're all racing back. In the end, the pass actually relieved the danger. Good catch, excellent throw. Matic. Hazard. That's for Laquetta. I think, having set up the goal down that side, that might be the area to approach. Willian is waiting out here on the opposite flank. A bit of... Ivanovic. That's for Laquetta. Hazard. Diego Costa, not quite on the money. Covering by Clyne. That's a good line. That's a good line. Matic. A run out of room here. 20 minutes to go. Coming up on Super Sunday, Crystal Palace at home to Stoke. 130 Sky Sports 1. Spurs against Sunderland. They've been having to piece themselves together after... probably watched Sky on Monday night. Everton put them to the sword in that second half. Chelsea could be in trouble here. Arnaud's offside, but Rigi had the chance to take it on himself. That's probably the way you would watch Sturridge. His left foot there. I think they chose the wrong option. That's a good one. That's a big chance for Liverpool. Antonio Conte... still not shuffling his pack. Oh, resisted. Oh, resisted. Changing. And they've been starting 11 so far. Maybe a bit surprising. But they're getting stronger in the game, that's for certain. That's Fabregas. I think maybe Michy Batshuayi has done... good things... on the bench already. He has options. Victor Moses as well, who's... still a Chelsea player. Lots of loans, including one at Liverpool. ... Contact. David Luiz. Chased by Manet. Can't ask so much of his players in terms of energy and industry. Can't ask so much of his players in terms of energy and industry. over-replied there Conte that's Arsene's turn Ernst Henderson gives it straight to Coutinho he's putting in a shift isn't he Sadio Mane with the ball and without it he's not the only one Chelsea raising their industry as well encouraged by the goal cricket given against Divock Origi the ball had gone out dangerous boot in Oscar's face but he shied away from it understandably Henderson hooked it forward on to Coutinho now to play again and it's a good ball and it's a good ball really is a product the rivalry of recent history the Mourinho-Benitez clashes a war of words before a ball was kicked usually Keha Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Matic Kanens Matic Matic Matic Mancini bangs Labour M большой Ke obedient Ke feed the ball Ke ball really well Liverpool, the crowd have gone a little bit flat, but you have to say the goal came from absolutely nowhere, out of nothing. In this position in Swansea, now Sunday and got a 2-2 out of it. Here's Willian, Lovren, goalkeeper will be required, in the end required, in a simple fashion. It doesn't surprise me, Liverpool, but I don't trust them to see the game out for some reason. Maybe it's the evidence of what I've seen in the last three or four years, but when a game drifts, the better when they're really proactive and on the front foot, playing like they play. I'd say their football stopped as well. He's sitting back in his chair. Living those thoughts as well. I've seen it before. There are some managers who are cool and calculated and genuinely not so emotional about it, live on results, they know that, but others kick every ball, and Jurgen Klopp is in that category, and you say Antonio Conte as well. It was a handball by Sumbot. Not clear, is that? That was a very strange clearance in the end of it by David Luiz, but Chelsea have survived that, and the penalty shout. Wijnaldum with a great piece of retrieving for Liverpool. The more risk that Chelsea need to take, the better chance Liverpool have got of picking up a third goal with a counter-attack. This is a more controlled attack. Wijnaldum. That's a back from Lovren. Spots Matip. Henderson. To Klein. He's put in a great cross, but unfortunately the man most likely to attack it was the little Coutinho. Chelsea fans still... not happy with their team, and thinking that they're wasting possession when they do get it. Liverpool can be more clinical, they have been for the majority of the game so far. Mane. Klein again. Coutinho! And the deflection could have long-footed Courtois, it could have crept in there for Origi. Yes! Yes! Good. Gary Cahill, good ball, he's put a couple of good crosses, he's pulled back behind the Chelsea defence, it's a good touch, it's just Gary Cahill gets that left boot on it. A bit more effective when the cross is coming low, Coutinho, the earlier one, asked too much of him. Lallana. They're engaging better, Chelsea, but they're still not doing it to actually being able to control the game, as they desperately need to in this last dozen minutes or so. Lallana challenging back on Oscar again. Matic, who's set up one, can't take getting into the box. It's the same problems as Coutinho in that respect. Wijnaldum. Both sides waiting to make a change. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana. Lallana, wanting to run to the left, but there wasn't one. Certainly controlling the game. Liverpool, possession. Chelsea. How much can you do about it this moment? Coutinho. It's the best way to see it through, of course, for Liverpool here. They have the ball. Their lead is intact. Chelsea actually going to make two changes. Lallana. Liverpool keeping possession shrewdly, coolly. Lallana. Milner. Have a pass on. Martin Atkinson, a bit of a problem for Coutinho. Stop him. He's going to score. Hanging it back to Milner. And a riggy! Well, that could be a really big moment in the game. It was a great chance to wrap it up for Liverpool. Courtois kept it out. It stays at 2-1. Hands on his head. Should have headed the ball in the back of the net. It's a fantastic move. So many passes. The deflection is perfect. He heads it down to be fair to him. Courtois gets down on it. down well it's a good saves behind him left hand strong what a chance five yards out that's the game isn't it yeah big moments still in the balance still got his hands on his head oh lucas who played as a makeshift centre-back against leicester not happy to be hooked not happy is an offensive change lucas's last goal for liverpool was six years ago this very date chelsea have three lined up to come on but they're gonna make it's a marina like situation to be taken first diego costa heads away fronte so really going in with a footway down by david luis chelsea triplets still waiting to come on given away by ivanovich he's had better nights manik and here comes the reshuffle from antonio victor moses for william william william william закры clark welcoming he has been misled no light lady Ten minutes. Almost three players to make an impact. Origi. Found by Wijnaldum. Milner. Wijnaldum. He was offside. With the flag. Six minutes past stoppage time. Chelsea still chasing. Chasing because of a very below par first half. Hazard's gone through the middle with Costa. Pedro left, Moses right. Rodriguez in midfield. Here's Lallana. Not sure to help. Milner. Said too long for Wijnaldum at this stage. He's maybe just stretched a muscle. He's setting off on that chase. Having a look at the bench. No, it's the thumbs up from the Dutchman. David Luiz. A happy homecoming thus far. As Gary was saying, no real finger pointing at him. Fabregas. PCM... Penalty represented up against Lesley. fermictional change of mind Lucas прод Bing Mané. Origi. the ball good game it's Pedro I'll see fighting the very least preserve their unbeaten start to the season Antonio Conte came here of course with a great record of beaten home games one with Juventus he won two out of two in the Premier League very much under threat here three and a half minutes by stoppage time now mentioned before about the Premier League you can never relax it's Moses Swansea on Sunday and here tonight is their taste I've scored a lot of late goals Chelsea already this season turned it around at Watford demoralizing for Liverpool to lose this game sorry draw this game sorry I'll drop points team here's Ivanovic Fabregas as up looking for Moses Costa Moses has gone again they were so close to each other whether there was a chance to tee up the substitute here's Ivanovic leaving it to as a as you would I'm a gas as up Lucas Lucas says no free kick Chelsea we lost out in 50-50 Lucas in the box just before that and then he plays for us out he sticks his left boot out there see not sure he's gonna lot wrong Lucas as I've seen in the last few games he's got a lot of good he does that has would the free kick Lucas books well well Liverpool have had so much supremacy very good value for their 2-0 halftime lead Antonio Conte would take 2-2 for the second game in a row in the Premier League and David Luiz Scott tonight chance not to be scarred by the result I think he'll put his centre-backs in the wall where Adam Lallana is and Wijnaldum just put his centre-backs in, he's going to shoot doesn't look big it's going to really look OK on this side it's into the wall for Fabregas shouts for Hambour poor for a kick from Fabregas good interception by David Luiz on the retreat otherwise Mane and Wijnaldum would have been away I think Fabregas was going to go up here Fabregas backing on the fact that Liverpool were concentrating on David Luiz poor free kick talk about a lack of height, a little bit of a handball I don't know but they're bringing on Kevin Stewart for Wijnaldum who has been showing signs of fatigue getting a senior career with Liverpool he was with Tottenham Alex Inglethorpe move from Spurs to Liverpool as a coach when Stewart was released at White Hart Lane made sure Liverpool picked him up and he's going to try and help get them across the line there line here alongside Lucas a barrier in front of the back four there they are 21 and 35. three added minutes Liverpool that away from three splendid points to stay firm with the first ball but we read it to play short in the middle played by David Luiz Liverpool holding a line you and away we go. It's a starry starry night here at Stamford Bridge, so many individual talents and two clubs that have produced some wonderful encounters particularly in the last decade or so, all sorts of competitions. By Valerconte, couldn't quite get there a second time. Sturridge knows all about this place. Slightly confusing his teammate to Sadio Mane, or maybe it was the other way around. As expected Liverpool straight out of the blocks. Clyne, Lallana. Half cleared by Oscar. Trying to get across, there was Wijnaldum. Got into a corner. Good position, Gary Cahill to prepare to him really well. It's been quite a wet 24 hours in the London area. Heavy storms, temperature's still good. Lovely night for football, and a great setting for it. A real theatre of the Premier League here. Vega Costa nearly put through, there was a space there and Willian who played the pass goes again. And then... Coutinho. Lallana. Sturridge waiting on the right, Mane feeding him. He'll get it on his left foot and do that sort of thing. Thibaut Courtois. Let it slip. But it's stuck on the ground rather than the goalkeeper's grasp. Heart in his mouth. Azpilicueta knew that Daniel Sturridge would cut back on his left foot. Didn't really do enough about it. I think he had to get closer to him knowing he was going to do this. And Courtois, lucky man. Here's Henderson. Such a quick start to the game. I've already seen the Daniel Klein roll forwards. And Liverpool love to play with both full-backs advancing. And then James Miller will probably still think of himself as a bit of a stopgap. But realistically for Jürgen Klopp he's the number one choice. He's playing on the opposite flank. The last delay away Liverpool gave it in was Arsenal. First game of the season and they started in the first half poorly but they were brilliant in the second half. Passing it quickly with real intent and they started off here two minutes in but they looked confident. And when they are good away from home they're brilliant. Yeah. Fantastic results including the one here last season which gave Jürgen Klopp his first Premier League win. Sturridge playing a senior game at Chelsea against Chelsea for the first time. Although he'd probably been calling a penalty score here for Manchester City's youth team in a youth cup final. Before he moved on to Chelsea. Here's David Luiz. The second time he starts Chelsea career with a... He's got a debut at home to Liverpool. From his point of view it would be better than the first one. They lost that. He's definitely added pace into this Chelsea team. Conte played at a far higher... John Terry. Mentioning about Luiz. I think the strange thing for me about him is that he let this attack play out. With Lallana. Scored a beautiful goal in that match. Referred to at Arsenal. He scored against Leicester. Also got the winner for Sam Allardyce. Here is Milner. Forward again down the flank. The... The flank was up. That was good. Good for Liverpool. That's amazing. What difference one goal can make to a baptism in a new job. 95th minute. In Chornobyl. And Lallana squeezed it home. The big Sam brain started with a win. Just going back to David Luiz. John Terry's shot. We know those two can't play together. It's been proven before. I don't think this pair, Cahill and Luiz, were particularly good last time. So they're going to have to improve. Conte's got his work cut out in terms of moulding them into pairs. Anyway, rather sending a jolt of electricity through Matip. Just in comparison between the goalkeepers, of course, they are numbers one and two for their country, Belgium. And now the understudy at international level, Thibaut Courtois. Talking of Belgium, here's Eden Hazard. And he's got a great shot. And a tough right pass for the Quetta. Overrated by Matip. Not seeing too much of Chelsea in an attacking vein as yet. David Luiz always thinking offensively. Chelsea's build-up will be a little slower than Liverpool's. This will suit them. Just controlling the game. Switching from side to side. And... And... And... And... Anyone will do it if it's over the top. This will suit everyone if that skillsDOES aid in future games. I can go for one out in a second. And go about it. Yes, but he did get the second goal, I think, in that you get a little weaknesses there, and you see how he averaged, but I don't think this how they do it in this phase of the season. Investigations are pelovoi.com Coste another bite at it here good cross as a playing well and revitalize he finished last season well but of course most of the underachievement just for the player but for the club best defense of a title you will ever see there's Lovren just trying to guide it down for Coutinho might come off nicely by Clyne Mane Coutinho given a chance to express themselves again by the poor clearance Rash Milner went up late Chelsea fans in that part of their ground thinking that Martin Atkinson's assistant would have ruled it out before the end of the game eventually was given to Liverpool Rash again going nowhere in the corner Milner not happy Ivanovic just seemingly just tripping him he's going away from him not sure what he's doing Ivanovic couple of really iffy moments from an experienced defender lacking composure for such an experienced player Rash maybe that captain's armband weighing a bit heavily on him he's still not got back into his position to defend he's lost focus wandering back in now to pick up Lovren Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Rash Challenger Challenger Challenger all Uma Challenger All Uma Shepa it was another Allah it was another Allah one more it was another Allah it was another Allah men in their respective dugouts contain Klopp Coutinho Matip coming forward, Rio Ferdinand like Klein Mane pointing up for a first time cross anticipated and covered well by Asper the Quetta David Luiz prepared to take an extra touch give a little sway of the hips a little bit risky by Chelsea whether the managers encouraged them to do this but just about sandwich with Cahill David Luiz will be very much on that particular page if it comes off it's cool composed defending if it doesn't it's a disaster a team that would want you to pass along the back Liverpool particularly at the edge of your own box Cahill and Luiz are enough to be careful Matip and the other two players and the other two are going to be very difficult to get in the way of the ball and the ball is a bit casual at the back Lucas in the back row there now because perhaps of that mistake which I'm sure most of you saw Costa before the only goal they conceded to the champions last Saturday here's Lallana seeing plenty of the ball here tonight in these early exchanges Mané trying to slide it through for Clyne Chelsea restricted at the moment to try to play on the break here at the bridge when they get back all behind the ball Chelsea just trying to push them up the pitch they do look solid difficult to break down but they're going to have to do it again in the end of the day I think it's going to be a good game for them but they're going to have to do it again in the end of the day I think it's going to be a good game for them Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Liverpool have won four of their last eight here Chelsea has a five Chelsea has a five across the pitch Oscar just breaking out now across the pitch Oscar just breaking out now getting back in it's a tight four and five one for Chelsea Matip I think it has to be to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the back row to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the back row and the spaces they're in now picking up the ball and able to turn climb climb crosses the corner crosses the corner one of Liverpool's Londoners Nathaniel Klein one of Liverpool's Londoners Nathaniel Klein starting of course with Crystal Palace starting of course with Crystal Palace a weekend off to visit the family after this one a weekend off to visit the family after this one depends on the results I guess depends on the results I guess and he can't help but he can't help but look at that black eye that Lovren got in the clinician training ground with Kevin Stewart in the clinician training ground with Kevin Stewart stop him throwing his head at this if he gets the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson if he gets the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson back by Lallana back by Lallana not threatening the goal with the follow-up i think they'll be happy 10 15 minutes team have settled down there's only problems at the other end what has been odd about the tenure of jordan comfort away premier league games is maybe the game hasn't been quite so dramatic they have been poor at burnley this season they lost at newcastle watford and others last season and they were favorites to win particularly with the kind of show that they were putting on the likes of manchester city and of course here at chelsea i'm not sure pep guardiola would have approved that kind of footwork from him he's a goalkeeper and i don't think jürgen kopp is fuming he's impressed either david lewis threatening ball to find hazard over the head of klein but the flag was up climbing into worried really is out of character darren for these two clubs not to be involved in europe they wouldn't be able to play on this particular evening it's to our benefit where they can think about the premier league over the last few seasons a lot's been out of character for it really up the antique in terms of chelsea expectations when he took over in 2003 it's a rare blip in the league really up the antique in terms of chelsea expectations when he took over in 2003 it's a rare blip in the league and the qualification stakes and the qualification stakes well the loft both the champions league and the europa league trophies in the last five years liverpool of course five times as they're proud to say european cup stroke champions league winners europa league finalists only in meck matic on from lover matic on from lover and alden might collect this and alden might collect this and alden might collect this and alden might collect this Liverpool trying to set the agenda here Liverpool trying to set the agenda here Chelsea seem happy at the moment just to just to sit back 5, 10 yards outside the edge of the box the back four and please have a minute certainly a rash first 15 minutes certainly a rash first 15 minutes oh that could seem to talk to the stand-in skipper tonight Get a good tackling, get a good passing. Nice timing things. Giving away free kicks in dangerous areas as well. Variation on the theme from Liverpool. They've got plenty in the middle. And around the back, Dejan Lovren, not picked up at all, it still needed some finishing, but he finished it splendidly. Liverpool faster out of the blocks here at the bridge, and they lead Chelsea with a goal in the 17th minute from Dejan Lovren. They've been the better team in Liverpool in the first 15 minutes. It's a short one, a sleeping Chelsea. The ball goes back and they push up the Chelsea defence, but Lovren just pulls out at the back post. It's terrible from Chelsea, they're all over the place on that free kick. They really are, put under pressure from Ivanovic, giving it away. He sees it from a long way away, but still makes it look a lot easier. The fact that it hits it into the ground fills Courtois and gives his team a deserved lead. The player with the black eye has put one in the eye for Chelsea. It's his first Premier League goal for Liverpool. Here's Matic. It is a consequence of the way Chelsea have started the game. Poor marking on the ball when it came in, but the giving away of the free kick was cheap as chips. This is very unlike a team that have taken ten points from their first four games. The organisation on the free kick, it's terrible from Chelsea on the way out as the ball goes back. Three or four Liverpool players at the back post. That's the initial free kick. Poor from Ivanovic. Coutinho. Liverpool on the move again. Good value for the lead. Fặ野ер in at dessa. Who has spoken himself up here? Through hisminded dribbling, he's taken it into the cross, then saying to Anatoly Laukだぁă, that if he won, there would beAll Suzakistan. And asians, the old young quintessence disappear. Let´s get into the weekend news. Meet FC copying. A iaouh. Chelsea have got to improve to stop them from nil at the end of their night. There you go. Important ones in the top left of your screen, but that tells a story in the bottom right. Liverpool by far the better team in this opening 20 minutes. I don't know whether it was a tactic from Chelsea or they've just been driven back, but they've certainly retreated in the game. Going into the shape and not really trying to get out towards them, Liverpool. Lovren, the goal scorer, you'll see it here again, the back post, they're all at sea in the middle, that's not a set-up. You see they come out, Gary Cale is pushing out at the end, but Lovren just pulls out to the back post, he's never offside, no-one anywhere near him, so really good delivery from Coutinho. And the finish, fantastic from the centre-back. Mane, Aguilis, caught a knock on the nose. Well kept by Mane, Aguilis recovers, Chelsea find a pass through Matic, to Conte. McDonagh nets him, both garlic balls down. animales to Galvez, mate in the coot. Torres, to Fumanovic, and still at the rink, James act has a soon to do in, organisers over hisХ Carnavich charging forward outside. He then goes the other way. Coutinho is in, far side, too sharp to pick up the moment too bright in the movement the passing Liverpool David Luiz shaken up by that bang in the face you look at Chelsea the static Ivanovic stood still Kante they're really not mobile look at them not getting out towards the ball with any great speed just happened to sit back there in the shape look at those Chelsea blue shirts Martin Atkinson this stop proceedings for this is how it happened in the back of money's head not a very pleasant return to Chelsea's colors so far for David Luiz you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you shape but then there's no real sort of pressing movements from it not making it difficult for them who were almost static he's moving a lot more than his players at the moment has been saying is we must feel the danger we must never relax there's been danger all over the place that they're not gonna be able to get away with that they haven't felt so far. Look at them, they're just jogging Oscar. Matic's not really getting up to the ball, happy just to let Liverpool have it. They're at home in front of 40,000 fans Friday night. They have to go for it. You can't just jog out to people. Sprinting back on is David Luiz. They're not getting close enough. So angry with this. Conte, the manager, certainly not how he normally likes to play. And Aldon. Matic, he's very comfortable on the ball. He might be played through here. Mane waiting in the middle. And others can make their way forward for the corner. They're like mannequins, Chelsea, just getting played around. It's so simple. They're not doing anything particularly special, Liverpool. Some of their intricacy has been fantastic to watch in the games we've seen, but they're not really having to play like that to get through. Chelsea at the moment. Well, they've won at Arsenal, they've drawn at Tottenham. Here they are leading at Chelsea. One of the formative weeks of this new season. In a period like this in the game, go and kill it, go and get the second. Good presence of mind by Willian, he knew he had a bit of room. Conte. He's in for the full throw. And Chelsea, caught flat-footed again. Step over from Sturridge. Could have gone in off anyone. Oh. Shooting Daniel Sturridge, but again, the switch off. Huge space. No organisation at all. Mane just stands in the middle, stops. And Alderweireld can't just get there. It's a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He's got a good shot. It's a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He is a cameraman's delight. Well, Daniel is, I suppose, as well, but I'm referring to Jurgen Klopp. Four years with Chelsea. Struggling for game time. Some of the issues with Chelsea that have resurfaced at Liverpool, but when he's... He's extremely effective, technically splendid. Chelsea have got four in the middle if they can get in across here. There's an overload at the back post. He didn't put it in. And that comes in towards Matic, who's never scored for Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. David Luiz has. Not for a while. Liverpool, the runners, they're not going to be able to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. They're going to have to get in. That's not quite the right ball to suit them. It was Wijnaldum that was closest too. That's Lallana. Henderson. Good work. Strong work by Diego Costa. Out by Matic. He played it to him in the first place. On to Hazard from Matic. Scooped up by Mignolet. Better from Chelsea, is it? Finally they're stirring themselves. They'll have to wake up. Here's Wijnaldum at play. Here's Wijnaldum at face. Clever pass from the outside. He didn't quite get the elevation on it out to Sturridge. Hazard. The risk for Chelsea is the turnovers. Liverpool so quick to spring onto them, but the middle ball really hasn't been quite right in the last few minutes for Liverpool. That's Pellequeta. Chelsea fans a little more interested in this last couple of minutes. See there is the dominance of the away team. Oscar. Willian. And there's Costa. Ivanovic. Get this cross in. Coutinho. Thought he was away. Ivanovic retrieved it well on the stretch. Now Oscar. Kante. Decision making from Kante. His team just had two or three good minutes. Keeping the ball in Liverpool's last third. Giving it to them back there really. Getting them off the hook. Inouye taking his time. Certainly not rushing. Another present. First clubs of course in the Premier League years. The tightness of the rivalry reflected. 19 wins in the league for Chelsea. 18 for Liverpool. And only 24. 24 previous seasons under this structure of football in England. Clyde. Pushing Hazard. Oscar. Bridge packed tonight. A lot of talk about what they're going to do with it Chelsea in terms of developing the side. Have they got planning permission? Have they not? It seems to have been put on hold. Well Liverpool of course have been doing their own building. Played their first game in Anfield last weekend in front of the new main stand. Everybody seems to find it inspiring from a Liverpool point of view. Especially the players. That's for Likweta. And it's been a he couldn't deal with it from the Brazilian he's going to get to the point where he might just have to try and play a little bit more direct up to Diego Costa Chelsea and see whether that works for 10 minutes at the moment he's finding it very difficult to get in the game playing through Liverpool Lovren's headed contact one good attack they had is when they did get it into Diego Costa Hazard offers them hope Matic Oscar Matic again it's been a threat of waiting on the left Willian on the right to get to him Moutinho stopped by N'Golo Kante and here's Willian deflected into the side netting Martin Atkinson waiting for the word from the assistant on the far side they've got a height advantage Matic Costa Matic Keno Lewis all bunching together it's into that mix Luis looks it across Mignolet struggling to get there against Nemanja Matic although the flag had gone up and there's the Chelsea midfield player just left in there Matic they've won a couple of headers Chelsea that first one and the second one just offside Matic would have been interesting had Mane been able to control that it's a real test for him Mane and Sturridge at the moment Liverpool a bit low Keputzi and Mignolet rhinos we've got to keep an eye on Espinosa and El Cueto pushing on it's been a rather hapless first half an hour for Chelsea here below the standards that he has been setting in his short time in the job and he expects a game-in-game out this접laeen Good work, Mike Ye Тогда he~~~~~~~ good work, Mike Ye Santa!! Lovren, challenged by Oscar. Kante got in quickly, as he tends to do. They're looking for finding themselves with a bit more work to do in midfield, and even deeper than that, here's Diego Costa. Getting better, Chelsea, it's no doubt, it's last five minutes. They could hardly have got worse. That's for Liquetta. Plenty of time for redressing the balance. Time, just a little bit late, trying to get there. A ball that has Ard beaten, too. Similar, a rush to the right back of Chelsea. Going away from goal, not going anywhere, Hazard. Clyne didn't need to go to ground. Could it have the same consequences? It would put pressure on if the delivery is right, and it usually is. A little bit of joy caused a little bit of danger at that last set-piece from the corner. This time it's a wide free kick. There's a real urge for teams to push out now, but the gaps they leave behind them sometimes look so inviting for the players to put the ball in there. Mignolet, as he has to, will be close to his goal in case it goes directly... Towards it. Yes! Picks offside, so you could say the tactic worked. He just stayed in there, David Luiz, and didn't come out and go back in. Henderson. Last time that Chelsea beat Liverpool here, they did concede an early goal, and Martin Skerter... Conte... Down the outside of Milner... Matic... Still very subdued at Stamford Bridge. That's for the Quetta. To the over, Coutinho. A nice step between Willian and Ivanovic. They can't get Costa in the game at all, and I always think Costa's involved in the game. You see him there, he brings a lot to Chelsea. You know, sometimes he's... very close to the edge. I think it lifts everybody in his team. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. He's got a lot of good players. David Luiz... Playing Wijnaldum on one side. He hasn't had that many touches at all. He was so frustrated. His involvement in his first 35 minutes, or lack of involvement, should I say. He hasn't even been able to sort of get himself ahead of Steem up. No. He's got the same kinds of his temper as well. He seems to thrive on getting pumped up. I can't even think of him going up for an aerial challenge or hunting a ball down or anything. It's a decent try, it's more than that, for Jordan Henderson. It's a sumptuous goal. And Liverpool lead Chelsea by two goals to nil. Even the giant Courtois could get nowhere near it. It's a wonderful moment for Jordan Henderson and for Liverpool. Clearing from Gary Kane, isn't good enough. It's one touch and it's absolutely brilliant. I'm critical of goalkeepers getting beat from that range, but he sets it out so high above the bar, into the top corner, it's absolutely magnificent. Nothing Courtois can do, and Liverpool... What a night so far for them. Helpless. What a night for Liverpool. And Liverpool, they've got a great game going at the moment. Jurgen Klopp celebrates tap-ins like this, but that goal was worthy of the fist pump. He'll be concerned at the moment, as his team, as we look at the replays, have given away a free kick out on the far side. And you are, as they always say, the old football cliché, the most vulnerable when you have just scored, as Liverpool have. As are picking up the pieces Winning a corner Biggest test so far for him His team haven't played They've been outplayed You can pick holes I'm sure Gary over and over again in the first goal The second goal Let's have to say It was wonderful Well the only criticism you could have would be Gary Cale's clearance Not clearing the defensive midfield player But it was a wonderful goal And an own goal off Adam Lallana He's saying he's being nudged I've got the kite, Chelsea And they need to find the spark somehow They need to deliver it Into the first man Willian twice Back in by Hazard Towards David Luiz And he's run away for another Chelsea corner Most sustained spell of pressure coming almost directly from the restart They realise they've gone too long And it's a penalty down Chelsea Roll up your sleeves time for the Blues Same again those five Chelsea targets bunching together around the penalty spot Oh fancy having a run in on that Liverpool defence David Luiz in front of that line Well Jordan Henderson is acting a bit of revenge He's lost 7-2 with Sunderland 5-0 with Sunderland against Chelsea And it's a penalty down Chelsea And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view And this is the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view The finish is absolutely brilliant The finish is absolutely brilliant It's the height that does Courtois It's never in his eye line It's always above him He's reaching, he can never get there Liverpool bench, ecstatic Liverpool bench, ecstatic Theatric Theatric David David 3-1 3-1 remember they won here 3-1 remember they won here last season In October shortly after Jürgen Klopp had arrived They actually went a goal down early in that game Jürgen Klopp had arrived Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ram Ollie Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez five minutes so left in the first half and you do feel Chelsea are going to reactivate it they need a goal before half time the non-playing captain, leader, legend they have a similar mind and strangely enough going 2-0 down takes some of the pressure off you you've now got to go for it there's no cat and mouse stuff now absolutely if they can get a goal back it would make a huge difference before half time if they were to then you can see changes being made Ivanovic dogged work from Milner away from Lovren little bit of hesitation there by Wijnaldum there hasn't been much of that from Liverpool before the game they have more mobile players than Chelsea absolutely told that's Belicretto Henderson in the way it's a goal Steven Gerrard would have been proud of he's taking on of course a lot of the responsibility of the departed captain Henderson again Mane Henderson Milano coming infield is Klein taking it on the burst and taking Chelsea on just losing his balance rather than being knocked to the ground there's a little bit of arrogance in Liverpool's play on the snare side looking so comfortable Willian has done well gets it back again from Oscar and goes on for Chelsea Diego Costa that's how coming in from the opposite flank great turn of pace by Costa to get to the byline but he took just a fraction of a second too long and it's just another Chelsea corner this is where they can be most dangerous needed delivery from Willian disappointing in the last two or three the goal is made by Willian a goal for Chelsea now could really change the half-time team talks both dressing rooms there's a flick on was never threatening to Mignolet's goal Mignolet wanted to throw it out quickly Daniel Sturridge stopped and said calm down a minute to go it's half-time Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal Mignolet's goal CHEERING You saw a good Fortanitz from City in the derby and last week this hasn't been as good as it was exceptional from the City it will be better in the sense that they don't concede of course because Manchester City did couple of minutes of the first half which changed the complexion of that game cost them the win Chelsea play Leicester in the EFL Cup third round Tuesday 7.30 Manchester United same competition protest from William just got him into trouble as it stands with a 2-1 win Liverpool would go above Chelsea just feel it's not the end of the story and Antonio Conte will get in and get at them he has to do something he has to disrupt them disturb them because nowhere near this first half Chelsea they've hardly disturbed Liverpool it sounds for his half-time team talk Friday night's been a fright night so far for Chelsea but not for Liverpool who've looked excellent Day and Lovren