the fact that Arsenal have had over Chelsea in the Premier League era. Such was their dominance in the first half. In fact, quite a few of the substitutes warming up at half-time, but neither manager has made a change at half-time, just that one enforced change in the first half for Arsenal when Coquelin went off injured and Xhaka came on. But it's the XI starting the second half, Steve, that started the first half for Antonio Conte. Yeah, well, he's happy enough. I think he's probably going to give them the next five or ten minutes to see if they start with some sort of enthusiasm, see if they look dangerous, see if they put any pressure on Arsenal. If not, I think he'll start to bring the changes, and rightly so. Arsenal haven't scored in six matches against Chelsea before the three they got in the first half today. We'll see whether they can pick up where they left off here in the second half. He will be his offside. If you were in that Chelsea change in the half-time, Glenn, what would you imagine? What message would you bring to the Chelsea players to try and make them more solid? Well, of course, not good enough, but I think you'll find that they've just caught Arsenal offside for the first time today. And they've started a little bit higher. Fabregas has come out and pressed, but I tell you, you've got to look at little spells. You've got to look at the first ten minutes. Can we get something out of the game? Make sure we can't concede. And you take it in little spells of ten minutes. See how the game goes. You never know in football. Momentum can change, but it's going to be a hard task for them. I want them to be a bit more positive going forward. What I really do, Chelsea, I think they're so negative at this moment in time. You see that free kick there from Ivanovic. Went to Cahill. Cahill giving it back. He gives it back to Cahill. He ends up going back to the goalkeeper, who just clears his lines. They look as if they haven't got a plan of how to move forward with the ball as a team. That's Willian. Now Ivanovic, who couldn't really get forward much at all in the first half. In towards Diego Costa. Mustafi was there again. The Arsenal central defender. Now David Luiz. That's a good one. Back to Bellary. In Xhaka. Has it taken off him by Matic? Kante. Hazard. Hazard. Hazard. Now Willian, who found himself in a couple of promising positions in the first half. Now Nemanja Matic. Here's Costa. Matic was looking to slip it through there towards Aspilicueta, but Bellarine was in the way. There's Marcos. Alonso, one of the summer signings from Fiorentina. You wouldn't expect a change to be too long in coming unless Chelsea can show real signs of improvement at the start of this second half. There's Kanta, and now Matic. Still at Quater. Fabregas was the target, but Ozil was there for Arsenal. And now Alex Iwobi. He's got a run here against Braslav Ivanovic. He's played with real freedom, has he, today, Alex Iwobi, both in terms of the runs he's made and the kind of passes that he's been able to complete as well. Yeah, he can play wide at times, and you see him drift inside as well. I like him when he comes inside, he's very clever. He plays with his head up. He opens things up for Arsenal, and he's played good one-and-two-touch football as well. He's only 20, he's clearly a young player. Arsene Wenger has a lot of trust in him. He started him in the Champions League in Paris on the opening night, and this is a big game as well in the Premier League, and he's starting today. And there'll be times when he has to come out of the team, when he's not as consistent, and that's when the likes of Perez can come in, or Giroud, or things like that. But while he's playing well, you have to give him his head and let him go and let him do his things. He had a good game last week, and he's had a good game this week. It's a foul by Costa on Mustafi. I've got to say that both Laurence Kuchelny and Scottran Mustafi alongside him have really relished this physical battle with Diego Costa today. Yeah, I love it, though. I love Costa, I really do. I think on his day, he's really strong and aggressive. I just don't think Chelsea are playing to his strengths at the moment. I really don't. I don't see the problem of going a bit more room one and getting up the field, firing the ball up to Costa and getting up around him, because he's playing well today. He's playing well today. He's got the ball into his body, hasn't he? He doesn't want it in the air where it's 50-50, where he's up against two defenders. Slide the ball along the floor into his body like this and then work off him. That's hard to make the run off him down the Chelsea left this time. He was looking instead for Willian, his jacket. His early form this season has got him back in the Spain squad, Diego Costa. And they did a big half-throw in here. Here's Matic. Fabregas. Away by Koscielny. That's for Likwaita. Another Chelsea captain, Václav Ivanović. Willian. Kante. Matic. Costa. Tracking every stride, though, was Mustafi again. He's had a really solid game back there for Arsenal. He's done well where he's put pressure. He's put real good pressure on Costa at times, but without failing him. He lost his first match as the second bomb on Hazard against 들어�. Dusko and Hazard in the team for the second time. That was a hell of a go. Ox26 Der strict, contending for Stavanger. owego Virgilio higher can if Sanchez Jurace Tainkator De Janeiro and Virgilip time. 3 what a go. Super收ires to come and Irsel and Atlético there. 5 Rruido that must have been coached with more wing toиюu. Outпаувung refr lace Steel. vegetable running around in the cross-country area in legitimate recipes as the waters. 비lol . It's a marca 때는 Angiolito. cember toices alé. do you got to be called because Atara half-time in the решifensemble of Chelsea, so 一つ heh Urban the best only everyone has. from the Chelsea boys, Conte would be going crazy over those, conceding those type of goals. But still, they have to put the ball in the back of the net, and Arsenal did that with a plough in the first half. It's been a quitter towards Fabregas, Monreal was back there for Arsenal, now Xhaka, Rozil... Alexi Wobi... Xhaka's made a run through the middle, and there's space for Walcott, that's where the ball's gone, and Arsenal might be in again here. Theo Walcott to Alexis Sanchez, they just needed a better cross. Just caught on two minds there, Theo didn't know whether to pass or shoot. He's got to keep it on the floor, though, hasn't he? Now he's allowed it to lift and... I do not know, but great break again from Arsenal. Past the tackle firmly by Laurent Koscielny, but they opened up Chelsea again with ease there, didn't they? Yeah, and it started from the granite, Xhaka ball, Fletch early on in the play, fizzed it right through a couple of plays, through the midfield, into the forward line, and he burnt off that. A real positive ball going forward through the lines from Granit Xhaka, and he was in on the move later on to put Walcott through. That's it, Marcos Alonso is going to be the first change by Antonio Conte. Fabregas is going to be the player to go off, we are hearing. Here's Costa. Now Willian. One rail sticking to it here for Arsenal. And Ivanovic. And away by Laurent Koscielny. Here's Fabregas. And... It's offside. That's it, it's offside. So here's the change. Fabregas, who got a recall to the starting XI in league football today after a couple of goals in midweek in the EFL Cup. He's off nine minutes into the second half, and Marcos Alonso is coming on. An unhappy return to the Emirates here, Steve, for Cesc Fabregas. Yeah, and to be honest, Fletch, he could have brought anybody off. It's going to be an array of changes now, it looks as if they're going to go to three at the back, Ivanovic, Cahill and David Luiz. Azpilicueta's come wide on this side, Marcos Alonso on the left side. So they're going to play with wing-backs in Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso. It's a system that he used a lot during his time at Juventus, and with the Italian national team as well, those three blocks of granite at the back, Barzali, Chiellini and Bonucci. And you wondered with the arrival of David Luiz whether he'd switch to that system. It took him, I think, three-quarters of a season in his first season at Juventus to make the switch from four at the back to three at the back, but you wonder when he sees them, Glenn, as open as they are, whether it might make him do that a bit more quicker at Chelsea. Well, that's what he wants to do at heart, isn't it? As you say, he's done it with his international team, he's done it at club level, and you've got to get the right players in to do it. And he's going to have a look at it. Alonso coming in there. And Raul's tackle, Ivanovic there for Chelsea. And Xhaka, and now Alexis Sánchez, and Alonso's taken up a wide position, and Walcott's made a run, and Alonso's... And here is those two. And Alexis Sánchez, and Alex Iwobi leaves it. And they're queuing up again here, and in the end they just get in each other's way. Xhaka was walking onto it, and Alexis Sánchez was actually the player who made the block. They got themselves in a great position, didn't they? Yeah, they're at Chelsea all over the place, and can't quite adapt to that three at the moment, it's too quick at the moment. So, in the end, they just complicate things. Yeah, there just wasn't enough time. They didn't have enough pace for Ozil, but as you said here, Sánchez is looking one way, flipping it over, and they just get caught out, and they're getting each other's way, trying to walk the ball into the net. But I mean, Glenn, it'd be interesting to see how Chelsea play. Are Azpilicueta and Alonso the right people to play this role? I think the one thing we do agree on, Glenn, is the fact that they've got a left footer now on the left side of... Yes. ..of the defence, haven't they? Yeah, I mean, Costa would be happy with that, if they can get in position to put crosses in. That defence is going to be tested again, because here's Bellerin, and it was Ivanovic who got across to put it behind for the corner. Of course, it's interesting now, though, Glenn, they're changing system in the middle of a match against a rampant Arsenal team. It's not the easiest thing to do, is it? No, it's not. But, you know, to change it when the three move down against a side that can open you up, and they're passing it so quickly, it's very, very difficult. You don't know how much they've worked on this in pre-season or in the training ground, and whether those three at the back have played together like that. Luis doesn't look like he wants to go out there in the left-back position, he's the one that's a little bit out of position on the left side of the three. Santi Cazorla's gone out to take the corner. Koscielny and Mustafi are going to start with their runs from the edge of the Chelsea box. It's in towards Mustafi and away by Branislav Ivanovic, now Bellerin. Cazorla... ...tends to your pace on the cross. Back in by Monreal and then helped on by Koscielny. Ivanovic is caught there by Mustafi. The free kick was completely wasted, though, straight up to an isolated Diego Costa. Now Cazorla. Ozil. N'Obi had made the run and Alonso in there for his first touch. A few seasons at Bolton, he was at Fiorentina last season. His value seems to have gone up. He's had a lot of success, but he's had a lot of success in the last 12 to 18 months. I think it was a sign that caught everybody by surprise. I don't mean that in a disrespectful way to Marcos Alonso, I really don't. You can see the scores going through the bottom of the screen. I think we're up to 30 goals. 29. 29 goals. Quick count up there. 29 goals so far today in the Premier League, and we'll talk about all of them tonight. On the Premier League tonight with Jake and the team from 8 o'clock on BT Sport 1. And a few more. And some really big talking points to go through after this one. Lots to talk about with this game, of course, as well. Here's Kante for Chelsea. Is there going to be a response in the second half from Antonio Conte's team? Here's Kante. Telegraphed it, Warren Koscielny read it well. There's Alexis Sanchez. And then Ozil is supporting him out wide. Iwobi's made a good run through the middle. Walcott's forward as well. It's in to Walcott, who couldn't gather him. Well, this three at the back looks even more... They look as if they can't play it. But very, very, very flat. You need David Luiz to move forward. And then Ivanovic to move forward to get into those spaces. And Gary Keogh behind. But they don't seem to want to move forward at all. They look really vulnerable to the counter-attack and the pace of Arsenal. That's been quite a... The right wing-back with Alonso in the left wing-back position. Kante sitting just in front of the back three. Here's David Luiz. Hazard's going to play a bit more central now as well, isn't he? Because the width is going to come from those wing-backs for Chelsea. Here is Hazard. Yeah, he's in a free role now. He can play in and float in and around, go wherever he wants and get on the ball. And I think that's a better position for him. There's Aspen Equator with a rare chance to cross in towards Diego Costa. Who had his first... Or shall we put it down as a quarter chance in the second half for Chelsea. That's it. Yeah, at least he had a plan, though. Get it wide, good ball in by Aspen Equator. He probably should have done a bit better, Diego Costa. He was floating away from him here, so he had to go out to bend his neck, you see. Trying to head it from behind. And the move actually started with Luiz coming out on the ball. Those guys, as you said, they're going to be able to come out on the ball because they've only got one up, Sanchez, and he's not going to track the three of them. One of them can come out easy on the ball and then you start to open up Arsenal a little bit. But you've got to watch this play. What's going on down to, mate? Because Luiz is the one who doesn't want to go out on that left-hand side defensively. This is fine. Him coming out on the ball and making a spare, man. The wing-back's spare on the left and the right side. So you're getting players in. Overload this time down the right. Aspen Equator supported by Hazard. Hazard hits it straight at Theo Wolcott. Now Willian, Nemanja Matic, Aspen Equator. Looking to slide one in towards Diego Costa. And Lauren Koscielny made sure he got in front of the Chelsea striker. Good error by Koscielny, but better by Chelsea. Get it wide, couple of crosses into the box, cause a little bit of chaos, cause pressure. You just see Aspen Equator put a lovely ball in there, cross with his right foot. He doesn't do that on the left-hand side, does he? With his left foot, he's not capable of doing that. Strikers need early crosses. When you create that space in the wide positions, that early cross before defenders get set. Of course, a Chelsea goal could be a real momentum changer in a game in which Arsenal have had all the momentum for the opening 62 minutes. See whether Willian can create something to trouble Petr Cech from the free kick. Easily away by Xhaka. And that's nothing to do with Sissi. He's got the ball in the back of his hand. He's got the ball in the back of his hand. He's got the ball in the back of his hand. He's got the ball in the back of his hand. That's just poor, isn't it? Indicative how they played, really. That's what he thought of it. Really good position, sends all the big men forward. And a real weak free kick that hits the first man. And nearly causes a counter-attack for Arsenal. That's what one Chelsea boy thinks of it. That's what it feels like to be a Chelsea supporter at the moment inside the Emirates. I think there's been a little bit of a reality check in the Premier League in the summer. Those three defeats on the trot for Mourinho. Although he got back on track in grand style against the champions Leicester today. And of course, Conte is finding out as well that it might not be that straightforward to get this Chelsea team straight back into title contention. Here's Xhaka. Now Cazorla. I think that's a major difference between Arsenal's midfield and Chelsea's today. Chelsea's have looked backwards and square. Arsenal's every single one of them, three of them, whoever it has been, they look forward first. Can they find the red shirt going forward? And they get through Chelsea quicker, look. Cazorla was looking to make a run beyond Ivanovic, but ran into the back of him. Oh! And Kehoe is taking his time. And Alexis Sassios was looking to try and punish him. It was Walcott who cried the pressure. Yeah, I don't mind shouting at your teammates because you need a bit of help. Look, where's the goalkeeper? His feet are nailed to the ground. That's why Gary Cahill's so upset. Give me a bit of help. Everybody else is looking elsewhere. Nobody wants to help out their teammates. It's interesting that goalkeepers are reluctant to come out. If that was on his left foot, he'd have come out and cleared that. They're reluctant on their opposite foot to come out. You see it time and time again. He didn't fancy it on his swinger. He just wanted to score. But, I think, that's not right. On the ball, it was not on his right foot. That's not the way to go. That's the way to go, I think, but the one thing that was really, really important was to make sure he was clear-cut, that he was clear-cut. And if he was, I think he was. I think he was. He was clear-cut. He was clear-cut. He was clear-cut. He was clear-cut. That's good. He's got a slow start. There's Cazorla. And now, with Ozil. David Luiz can clear it. See there, though, Fletch. David Luiz has just cleared his lines to nobody, which is fine. Diego Costa does the rest. he'll win things up there and get possession further up the field, he just needs more of the ball. Here's Kante... Hazard... That's from Equitas, made a run here from the right wing-back. Hazard gives it away to Bellary, Marcos Alonso was the target, then David Luiz, and step in for Chelsea. Here's Alonso, now David Luiz, towards Diego Costa, but away by Koscielny. I think Kante's having a really good look at this as well, he's thinking, well, can we get back in this game? But I'm gonna go with what my heart says. Let's have a look and see if the three works. And straightaway, Arsenal are finding it hard, there's options on the pitch for Chelsea, they're finding it hard. It's really hard to actually close them down. What Chelsea do individually in the last third is another thing. There's a lot more movement now, isn't there, from the likes of Willian and Hazard, who have got the freedom, as you mentioned, to take up different positions. There's support out wide as well from Aspilicueta and Alonso. It's just whether they can keep it solid at the other end when Arsenal have got the ball. That needs to be worked on the training ground. But of course Arsenal are gonna sit in now, they're not gonna come out and play, they're three and they're not gonna hit them on the break, but the shape looks better for Kante. There's Costa... He's trying to have a real low throw-up there as the central player. Now Willian... Ivanovic... So plenty of football coming up in the Champions League in midweek. Leicester against Porto, Leicester looking for back-to-back wins to start off the group campaign, that's Tuesday at 7 o'clock. At the same time, Tottenham in Moscow against CSKA, 7-0. 7 o'clock on BT Sport 3 HD. And the following night, Celtic against Manchester City, Wednesday from 7. Steve and I are gonna be there to see that one at Celtic Park. And at the same time, Arsenal at home against Basel, 7 o'clock, BT Sport 3 HD. And of course every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport as well. It's Michy Batshuayi. He looks like he's gonna be the next man sent on by Antonio Costa, now Pedro is ready as well. It looks like it's gonna be a double change. The final two changes. APPLAUSE There's Alexis Sanchez in the meantime. APPLAUSE Now Kozula. APPLAUSE Xhaka, it's his kind of range. APPLAUSE Now Ozil. Now Ozil. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Every time he gets in the crowd, wants him to pull the trigger. Is he moldy? Yes! Ozil. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. No-one's putting any pressure on the ball. That was flipped by Willian. Matic can then send it forward towards Costa and Lauren Koscielny, and then Mustafi. Both Rivera and Lee Freekip's gonna go Arsenal's way for the foul by Costa on Koscielny. And you see that. See what Costa thought. He wanted it a second earlier from Matic. Here's Wilcox. Wilcox in behind. And Wilcox! Oh! Thibaut Courtois did just enough. APPLAUSE Good save by Courtois. Chelsea fast asleep. Foul for Arsenal. They take it quick. Two passes, well, one pass from there and they're in. I thought he was gonna square it across the box. Takes the shot on Courtois, makes a good save. Everybody's berating everybody in the Chelsea blue. Kieran Gibbs is gonna be coming on for Arsenal too, so both managers making changes here. Arsene Wenger can still make one more. Willian is one of the players who's gonna come off. It's gonna be the Arsenal change first, though, and Alex Iwobi is gonna be taken off. Probably Steve with an eye on the midweek match against Basel. He'll be a starter, you would expect, in the Champions League. And Kieran Gibbs, who's the captain at Forest in the League Cup in midweek, is coming on. Yeah, very much so. He's had a really good game, Alex Iwobi. He's only young, as you mentioned. Arsene Wenger's probably looking after him a little bit, and he can now with 20 minutes to go. Conte's gonna make the changes for Chelsea after the corner, which is swung in and away by David Luiz. Here's Willian, and he's gonna be coming off in a second or two. And as is this man, we think, Eden Hazard. And he's overrun it, it's gonna be a throw-in to Arsenal, and now Antonio Conte can send on Pedro and back Schwein, and Willian knows that he's one of them. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Never really been able to get into the game, has he, Willian, today, Steve? Well, nobody has an offensive area, to be honest. Fletcher. I think the one person who should stay on the pitch, of course, is the centre-back. Of course, it's the centre-forward, Diego Costa, but when you've got Federer and Bacciari on the bench, Victor Moses, anybody, Oscar, anybody come to come on today, and they probably would have done better than what was on the pitch beforehand. I think this is another dynamic limit. Conte's really keen to take a long look at. Back Schwein playing on the same pitch as Diego Costa, and see how that works for Chelsea. Yeah, well, that's what the three at the back give you in the wing-backs. You're allowed to play two strikers, and that's what he likes. He's done it with Italy, we saw that in the Euros. And they can put pressure on the back four, and a lot of back fours nowadays, centre-halves, are used to playing only against one. They're not used to having two people pressing them. It has got the look of a bit of a fact-finding mission, hasn't it, for Conte for the last 20 minutes of the match. Definitely, Fletcher. Yeah, and the same, the positives he'll take out of this game is who he can trust, what position, what formation they're going to play. For instance, who's going to play right-back? Is he going to take Ivanovic or Azpilicueta? He'll be making mental notes about this game. Well, it suits Ivanovic as a right centre-back, doesn't it, in a three? He's going to come out on the ball at times, but just find a midfield player. He hasn't got to get forward and get crosses in. And I think in Matic as well, you've got somebody that can actually slip in. If one of the centre-backs comes out on the ball and makes an extra man, if it does go wrong, Matic is your man. Just a slide in or Kento. There's Pedro. Xhaka was there for Arsenal. Pedro, though, working hard to try and win it back again. Now David Luiz. Azpilicueta was beaten to it by Gibbs, and Arsenal can flow forward again. Here's Sanchez. And Gibbs had carried on running as well, and Ivanovic was initially there. Now Cazorla. Xhaka. The crowd desperate for Xhaka to try a shot. Yeah, he was on his right foot. They've not sussed that one yet here at Arsenal. Here's Monreal. 18 minutes to go. Arsenal with a comfortable 3-0 lead. All the goals scored in the first half. They've actually struggled in London derbies here before today. They haven't won any of the last five London derbies they've played here at the Emirates. Chelsea, before today, were unbeaten in their last six Premier League London derbies. Here's Nacho Monreal. Away by Cahill. That's an example there with the Arsenal team at the moment. They've gone wide, there's a cross coming in, no danger there. Here's the chance, though. The endeavour of Costa has created the chance for Codro with that fantastic speed from Bellary, which we know he's got. He's covered so much ground to get back and make the tackle. Now Walcott can test his speed at the other end, but he's too quick for Alonso, who can get a block in to concede the corner. Well, at first it was magnificent defending, wasn't it? How quick was that to come back? He certainly, Costa, just pinching Pichel in his pocket, and look at that for pace. He's kept his head, he's timed the tackle, and then watch this for a pass. Xhaka, this is where he's in the... We haven't seen it, but he hits a wonderful diagonal to turn defence into attack. And that's what he's got up his sleeve as well. He plays forward. Look, look at his eyes, looking forward for that break. I would have loved to have been that quick. You were, I definitely wasn't. So would I, Steve. Steve, you were, I wasn't. That's for sure. I might win the Dad's Race at the school sports day if I was that quick. In goes the corner, away by Matic. Xhaka gets it back out there. The flag is up. Instantly you can see Xhaka's a really good player, can't you? He's only played a little cameo role today, and he's come on at a really nice time, and you don't want to do comments. He's got a lot of confidence in Coquelin, and he does favour by saying Xhaka's a good player. His range of passing and his thinking is really quick. Very, very Arsenal-like. He'll shoot Arsenal down to the ground the way he plays. Wants to go forward all the time, as Glenn said before. I think if you're Ozil as well, playing in that ten position, you've got Gazzola and him picking you out quickly, it gives you that extra split second to get turned, and be the threat that you should be. It's a wonderful ball by Ozil for Kieran Gibbs. He's got to be patient for opportunities in the Premier League. Kieran Gibbs has lost his left-back position to Monreal. And it's Batshuayi dispossessing Alexis Sanchez. Now Diego Costa. Alonso. Matic. Now Pedro. Two big players to try and pick out with a cross. It was a good defensive header by Mustafi again for Arsenal. Offside. There was another poor ball from Pedro. Flex, that was the problem. He gets it onto his right foot. Diego Costa had sprayed the ball over and took a really good position at the back post on Monreal. There was a significant height difference between them. Pedro hit the first man. You see here, just ran offside. Alexis Sanchez wasn't looking forward. Good pace from Ozil. He just had to bend his run a little bit, didn't he? Just pick a blue shirt and make sure it's just one player. You only need one player to run off. He just didn't manage to do that. He went straight ahead in a straight line. For the last 15 minutes, Arsenal leading 3-0. Conte's made all of his changes. There's N'Golo Kante. Diego Costa, away by Koscielny. Now Mesut Ozil. Xhaka. And Kozula, slick passing again through midfield from Arsenal. And it works the space here for Kieran Gibbs, and the red and white shirts are flowing forward again. Gary Cahill back there for Chelsea. Now Xhaka. This time he will try it. And the crowd persuaded him. He's had better success with shots from distance in the last couple of games. At least that was on his left foot, you could see that. Just the angle was all wrong, it was like a rugby shot. He knew he was going to get a clap whatever. It was almost like, go on then, if you insist. All the punters behind us clapped regardless. He's already quite popular here, isn't he, Granit Xhaka? Apart from the fella that caught the ball behind the goal. That's a sloppy ball again from Chelsea. Kante was in there, though. Here's Matic. Batshuayi can set off. Although Petr Cech, who's had a really quiet game, was there to claim it. There's Olivier Giroud, who might well be coming on. There was a bit of discussion before the team sheets came out today as to whether Olivier Giroud might be on it from the start, bearing in mind he was given a rest in midweek in the League Cup at Forest. I think that's the thing today, Fletch. We're 78 minutes into the game, Chelsea haven't had one shot on target. I think that says it all. For Chelsea, the way they are, with the talent they have in their team, stroke, squad, people on the bench, to not have a shot on target in a London derby is astonishing. Here's Xhaka. And now Cazorla. Nacho Monreal. Now Ozil. Santi Cazorla. And now the ball is in towards Theo Walcott. Slightly too much on it. Here's the Arsenal change, and the last one for Arsene Wenger today. And Olivier Giroud, given the last 12 minutes of the match. And Alexis Sanchez, who got the ball rolling in the first half for Arsenal, brings to an end his 100th appearance for the club on the day that he scored his 47th goal for them. And he's been as important as anybody in this performance today. He's been brilliant, hasn't he? Gets the first energy to close Gary Cahill down, and that set the tempo for the game, holding the ball up, bringing other people into play. He was involved in the third goal, lovely movement, and him and Ozil, great performance today. On comes Olivier Giroud to make his fourth substitute appearance of the season. He's not started a game yet, and he's never scored against Chelsea as an Arsenal player. He's got 11 minutes or so to do it. Well, with him on the pitch now, you can't allow Chelsea to do that. He's got to get on the outsides and get crosses in. They've had a couple of chances there to put crosses in and reluctantly turn them down, but now Giroud's on the pitch, it's a really good option that they've got. There's Koscielny, who's been there every time he's needed to be, alongside Mustafi at the back today. Now Alonso. Pedro. Alonso. Batshuayi's making a move in the middle, Monreal's in there, and so was Costa. And it was brilliant defended by Gibbs. Yeah. And here's what the left midfielder, he's got back to help out, clear his lines. It's better for Chelsea getting a left footer out there, putting that crossing early. Batshuayi turns, and that's going to be a goal kick. Alonso makes a great break there, and because he's got a left foot on him, he puts an early ball in, and that's probably the most threatening Chelsea's been all day. Look, they're getting behind, no turning back on your right side, get the ball in, blue shirt's flooding into the box. Good defending. See Kieran Gibbs there, Glenn. He runs back, runs back, he's always ahead of Azpilicueta, and that was indicative of the second goal when Hazard didn't do his job. Hazard's always thinking like a forward player, Kieran Gibbs thinking like a defensive-minded player, getting into the area to clear his lines. Well, that's right, Steve. The question is, would Awobi have been there? Probably not. Probably not. But that's the kind of pass and Wenger's put him on as a defensive-minded player. He's seen Chelsea go into two wing-backs, and he's thinking, right, we've got to be a little bit stiffer here, a little bit with 3-0 up, to make sure we do the right thing defensively. You were talking about them not having a shot in the match so far on target. You've got to go back to September 2007. For the last time, Chelsea went through 90 minutes without having a shot on target in a game. That's a lot of football matches between then and now. I think that's the other thing that Xhaka does. He will put his foot in, but he's got strength. He's a big lad. He won't be pushed off the ball, and that's something that Arsenal, over the years, people say they can bully him. I don't think this lad will be bullied. Pedrara to take the free kick. Cahill, Ivanovic, David Luiz have all got in there. Batshuayi is an added target, along with Diego Costa. Really firm defensive header back there for Batshuayi. Not sure that's going to class the shots on target either. I think that might have been going wide from Aspilicueta, but the Arsenal breaks off. Here's Ozil. Yeah, it was going wide, Fletcher. A better kick from Petracek. You don't want to be negative with a goalkeeper, of course, but he got a lot of height on that, and it just slowed the ball down. But they broke so quickly, Arsenal, just then. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR There's Ozil, found by Giroud, Walcott's made a run too close to Courtois. Of course, Arsenal have the Champions League in midweek, the home tie against Basel. They've got a week off, which might well come in handy in terms of reorganising this Chelsea side and the training pitcher, Antonio Conte, before they go to home next weekend. And then, of course, they've got the international break to come after that. But the more time, I'm sure, that Chelsea's manager can have on the training ground at the moment, he'll take it, won't he? There's a flashpoint with Diego Costa today. Yeah, all day he's been at it. He's frustrated. He felt there was a little bit of a foul after the ball had gone. It's just frustration, isn't it? Yeah, there was nothing wrong with it, he gives them a little bit there, there's nothing wrong with that, he was falling over. I think Diego Costa was more frustrated with Michael Oliver, wasn't he? But you expect a little bit of... Nothing in that, nothing that Diego Costa doesn't expect, is there, in battles like this over years gone by? There's Cazorla, just a little bit behind Olivier Giroud, of course he was involved in the thick of it last season, wasn't he, in both matches? ...Cazorla, he was involved in the thick of it last season, as well as in the first half, and what a game, that was a game that was a real real deal. That was a great game. Well, that's a good thing. It was a good thing, it was a good thing that I can see that Batshuayi's in here for Chelsea. Petr Cech with the first save that he's had to make of any kind of importance today. Batshuayi really disappointed that he didn't make more of it. What a ball from Luiz here, coming out, that's a fabulous run and a great ball. But what a great ball from Luiz. Again, Conte, if he is looking fact-finding for the future with three, I think Luiz needs to play in the centre of the back three and allow to come out on the ball like that. He's got that capability. Petzl out to take the Chelsea corner. It's Koscielny meeting it. Patek Cech there to receive it. And Santic is all up. Kieran Gibbs can make the run beyond him and there's lots of space there for Arsenal. Giroud's on the move in the middle. It's a really good near post run by Olivier Giroud who was well-tracked by Gary Cahill. Yeah, you're right, Petzl. Great movement by Arsenal. Gary Cahill does his job this time. Lovers Olivier Giroud. Makes the right run, Giroud, but Gary Cahill was in close attendance. Good defensive work by him. There's Alonso. One thing he can do with the save by Petechek is stick a line through the base about the shots on target. It's a curse of the commentator moment that benefits Chelsea, I suppose. There's Alonso. Into the final five minutes, plus stoppage time at the Emirates. Mustafi in quickly on Diego Costa. Now Aspilicueta. Aspilicueta. Kante. Matic. Pedro. They've worked the situation nicely and then Pedro with a wild effort. So, also, on the agenda in Europe this week, we've got the Europa League. Hapoel Birsheva on Thursday. They've got Southampton. It's half past five. That one starts. BT Sport 3. Straight after it, Manchester United against the Ukrainian company Zoria. That's at half past seven on BT Sport 2 plus 4K UHD. And now... I spend a guest good and finally this, there's deal, he is 2-0 here for them. He's made a donation Chilingsport. Makes him Estádio Kac centralized to the club a lot has been introduced various or you should be able to get there a minute. Let's go guys. with Juventus and probably had the realization this is going to be a settling in process at Chelsea Alonso makes the run can't catch up with the pass and it's behind for a goal kick to Arsenal he's got food for thought isn't he there he's he's looking at this system he's got a whole week as you say Fletch where he can work at a team if he wants to change this going forward I think they've got the players to do it defensively is being they're gonna really have to get that right jacquard and now Cazorla there's no foul on Ozil his jacket Kieran Gibbs Monreal's made a run from left back and that's the ball from Xhaka Ivanovic with ground to make up Monreal was able to squeeze him the cross and Alonso felt that he couldn't take any chances it's more good movement isn't it great movements Monreal does really well to get there but as I said Alonso can't take any chances when it goes from Ozil and dealt with in the near post by Alonso who's your man of the match Steve today it's been a load of good performances today Sanchez here's a walk up I'm gonna give it to Alex Awobi he's only 20 young lads he's keeping out Lucas Perez a big sign is keeping out Olivier Giroud I think he's done excellent today and he deserves a lot of credit support advice Chris arrived unharmed against OM so for the man of the match here cobbled a two by Steve of the match here cobbled a two by Steve McManaman is Alex Awobi Manaman is Alex Awobi there's going to be a key man for he's going to be a key man for Arsenault right the way through the Arsenault right the way through the season asked him will extend there a season asked him will extend there a beat and run too eight matches since they lost eight matches since they lost against Liverpool here on the opening weekend against Liverpool here on the opening weekend of the season five with their weekend of the season five with their first game at first seven games before first game at first seven games before today have been away from home as well today have been away from home as well and they've settled in nicely with the And they've made a solid start to the season. This will be a real building block for them as the season develops. They've been excellent today, though, Fletcher. I was spoiled for choice. I couldn't give it to anybody. Mustafi's done well, Koscielny. Couldn't give it to anybody today. Wonderful performance. There's Gazzola. He's away from Matic. Matic. And Monreal. Kieran Gibbs. All Antonio Conte can do is look on and wonder what the next move is. There's Ozil. That's a free kick to Arsenal. A lot of soul-searching for Antonio Conte, though, Glenn. Defeat to Liverpool. Big defeat here today. Yeah, he's got to find his right shape. He's got to find his right team. He doesn't know yet. He really doesn't. He's grasping at systems at the moment. I think we all know