off we go then, Liverpool in the all dark strip from right to left in the first half early test for Donald Love who's come in for Billy Jones at right back Sunderland reverting to a back four after playing three central defenders against Burnley at least for part of that match at Turf Moor but that game plan went out of the window when Lamone, Lamine Coney had to limp off with a hip injury and on the ball here is Djiloboji who had a bit of a nightmare performance at Burnley interesting to see how his confidence stands up today against this informed Liverpool side and they really, Neil McCann, have been entertainers this season, top scorers in the league yeah without a doubt and as I've touched on before the match it's not one striker they rely on like Chelsea rely heavily on Diego Costa this Liverpool side they've got so much freedom of movement, so many avenues to explore when teams try to shut up shop it's interesting to see Sunderland's formation today, it's almost a 4-4-2 with Januzaj put out as if he's going to partner Jermain Defoe with Larsson and Borini being asked to go and support as well but with two banks of four Kev, I think that supplies a little bit of room for this Liverpool side so real tough afternoon ahead for Sunderland here's Milner, it's been a revelation at left back for Klopp this season this is the Estonian international, Clavan continuing to play alongside Dejan Lovren in the absence of Joel Matip still no Philippe Coutinho of course for Liverpool, they've absorbed his loss very well such a talented and deep squad Klopp has at his disposal Sturridge finding Lovren this is Klein Sturridge Wijnaldum scored that terrific header against Manchester City on New Year's Eve the goal that brought Liverpool all three points this is Chan Lallana nice touch from Mane Klein support from Lallana Firmino Klein eventually hacked away by Borini yeah I wasn't sure if there was actually a little tug on Klein's jersey from Sev Larson on the 1-2 through the box there to be fair to Klein he didn't moan about it too much it was after he had a little word Wijnaldum Liverpool will expect to dominate possession movement in Klopp's team this season has been outstanding at times there seems to be several options for the man in possession this is Klein Mane shuffle forward to Lallana back with Sadio Mane and nobody will get near the cross this was the awkward moment coming up for Sev Larson who remember gave away a penalty against Burnley two days ago yeah well this is what I mean about the slick 1-2's there's a lot of pull on Klein's left arm there from Sev Larson 1-2 Lallana just pops through Firmino look at the jersey pull there I think it initially starts outside the box but this is the white boys are going to have such a hard shift today like Middlesbrough when Liverpool went there they play a real tight back four and you mentioned in warm-up of course at the Sunday looked as if they were working on that then that provides a switch for Liverpool which means Barini and Sev Larson better be prepared to walk back here's Chen harassed by Barini Van Aanholt unable to get control Defoe will and finds Larson must have checked out didn't really have the pace to go on there Sev Larson this is Defoe room to shoot and it's well claimed by Mignolet again it's Patrick Van Aanholt offers the threat from the wider area it goes for a little return past Defoe of course just turns he's aware that Lovren's going for the 1-2 it just opened up with us a slight way well held from Mignolet had he spilled that then Janissary might have had a word to say first attempt on target from Sunderland and Defoe Janissary love referee might have allowed play to continue but Sunderland will settle for this free kick yeah absolutely I think when the ball shoved wide wasn't a great deal of options just a little clip by Emery Chan Janissary and Larson survey the scene Rodwell Djilipoji O'Shea a line of three that's where the ball will be heading via I suspect the right foot of Larson or left of Janissary it will be Larson and a free header in there the flag was up for offside but Rodwell didn't get the touch he was hoping for yeah it's a free header but I think he's offside I think Djilipoji's offside as well trying to hold the line both dip in and you can see there actually Rodwell isn't that far offside it has to be said Djilipoji well in front of the back floor this has been from Sunderland's point of view an encouraging opening seven minutes Firmino Mane lovely ball picks out Sturridge well saved by Manoni at full stretch what a good stop Fito Manoni down low to the corner Firmino snapped into the feet of Wijnaldum and once again Manoni introduced into the action oh it just opens up for Wijnaldum trying to shape this one into the top corner it's pretty straight you expect the goalkeeper to make a save with that one but the one before it with Daniel Sturridge takes a lovely touch and it's a right foot shot trying to find the far corner big strong hand from the goalkeeper James Milner with the Liverpool corner up goes Lovren got his head to it but assured was Barini in his defensive position rolls out for the goal kick and it's a good one and it's a good one well early on in the match Fito Manoni being brought into action this is Wijnaldum sorry this is the first one with Sturridge a right foot shot doesn't quite catch it that cleanly but it's far enough into the corner to ask questions of Manoni that boy there has certainly stood up when asked this season Jordan Pickford yeah he's standing did a rather admirable job Kev certainly has it's caught the eye of a lot of the big clubs in the Premier League Pickford his knee injury though is going to keep him out till the end of February Lovren Mani Lallana room now for Chen pass away with the ball Sturridge and Rodwell unable to pick out Januzaj that's the most difficult of passes Wijnaldum Milner Firmino blocking the attempted clearance from Love a winger that's a really good resistance it out Nice fans Cowboys and不動 make their way towards the end side here front at bank transfer two in the air Liverpool in defence score number two lots of against the general poor form only two points from safety Mane up against Van Aanholt just a little too much on the Sadio Mane cross Firmino will keep the attack alive though support from Milner if he needs it and here from Wijnaldum oh Wijnaldum strange one that I think he was expecting it was going to be a Liverpool corner from here it did look like a goal kick he looked pretty confident he just walked towards that I don't think there's any doubt is there I'm not sure why he doesn't go and get that well since this man came in to Liverpool they've been scoring plenty of goals have been leaking a few almost as if we'll score more than you the Manta under Jurgen Klopp they've been great to watch October 2015 when the German arrived Lovren covering Defoe this is Larsen Rodwell and Dong Donald Love nobody pressurizing Klein particularly good job with the clearance catching on the breeze and sort of gift of a Sunderland throw high up the pitch Van Aanholt looking for Rodwell struck it well and Mignolet is in the lead they had to be very watchful there crowd responding to the Sunderland press and that's overzealous from Rodwell yeah he's not going to escape a yellow card I didn't think there was too much in it he comes in late on Emery chant yeah I don't think he can have any arguments actually on second viewing but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round Seymour Mignolet had to push this wide watch Jermaine Defoe dipping in just hoping he spells it it's a very good save a real stinging effort from Jack Rodwell laces on it down low but well dealt with not really endeared himself much to the Sunderland fans Rodwell since a big money move from Manchester City he's had a fair amount of injury problems but even by his own admission he's he's not really delivered for the amount of money Sunderland paid for him up to now here's Firmino that's wild from the Brazilian near a corner flag then Manoni's goal what do you think Neil had made Sunderland manager of the start so far um today in the game I don't think it's been too much of what we wouldn't expect Liverpool really enforcing themselves on the game Sunderland trying to be resolute and compact we spoke about how they were warming up and that back four been really tight and I think they've been helped out with the the boys in front they're working back ever so well it's just going to take an awful lot of concentration never mind fitness and mental fitness to keep this going for the full 90 because Liverpool will continue to probe I think we know what Moyes feels about Sunderland's start and how they're going to play in the second half. the worst in their history two points in the opening 10 games here's van Aanholt put the crowd on side here and Dom a little bit of the momentum a lot of the momentum has gone out of what was an initial break from van Aanholt oh it's interesting like the City game where Liverpool are just dropping off normally we see the high press this is Yannis Ayy up against Lovren Emery Chan Yannis Ayy hurried out of possession this is Lallana Mane looking for Firmino Love for the header only as far as Wijnaldum and Dom Rodwell Yannis Ayy it's a little stronger on this occasion referee Anthony Taylor very close to the action says no foul well I have to agree from my first viewing of that I think Yannis Ayy just falls over he got bumped two or three times maybe just lost the power in the thighs as he pushed it past Klein Borini looking early forward to Foe stretching header from Klavan finds Champ Melanie in love with timy not much time on the ball in this game I'll tell you from either side Sunderland players to be fair to them are trying to lift this huge crowds in today Rodwell Burini bat to him via Yannis Ayy Burini looking for the early cross travel into that Liverpool penalty area this is Sadio Mane Klein Sturridge Lallana Milner offering the width Adam Lallana Firmino Sturridge Manoni with a strong hand to that but it's still alive here for Liverpool Lallana's attempted shot come cross is blocked only as far as James Milner Sunderland looking for a flag which stayed down from the assistant on the far side but Manoni with another good stop not sure it was travelling in but he he couldn't be stopped he could be short no it was a big strong hand not a lot of back lift from Daniel Sturridge either a real relaxed effort it almost seemed Firmino Mane shuffles away from Ndong blocked by Djiloboji this is Mane Firmino support from Lallana off and turned just wide of his own goal by Seb Larson well a question whether the white boys would be prepared to walk back in Seb Larson has definitely done that there almost put it into Liverpool trying to take it quick but Seb Larson almost found his own net there Daniel Sturridge trying to catch everyone out I'm sure they can work a phone with those gloves I'm sure there's a puff of cheeks of relief from Seb Larson that his touch sent it wide of a post and not into his own goal Liverpool corner then taken by Milner Lovren and the header beats Manoni and Daniel Sturridge heads Liverpool in front his first Premier League start since mid-October and back Domingo and back Domingo also still has some bit of pressure for Liverpool wonderful indeed as ever 뚝 well done over the top of Manoni well history tells us that when Sunderland go behind they do tend to struggle they are the joint second lower scorers in the Premier League with just 17 this season more than 50% of those for Jermaine Defoe and they find themselves a goal down here to that header from Daniel Sturridge well it's a gift, it really is a choke shot from the big centre back and just a nice little looping header from Daniel Sturridge they've been working so hard as well Vito Manoni has had three you would say real good stops but that's cheap Yanezai Yanezai goes down but no free kick forthcoming this is Djiloboji easy header for Clavan finding Chan Lovren well I guess Dejan Lovren could claim an assist for the goal but as you say nearly really choked on the shot and when you're down at the bottom those sort of things tend to go against you but having said that there was still enough time and you alluded to it that Sunderland players could have provided a better cover job on Sturridge they didn't and as a consequence they trail free kick against Van Aanholt from Lord what about Liverpool Ravens insert de Trau 3 2 1 2 balls call best ворwater Moshe F 동ма Nice return from Firmino and Alden a little too strong looking for Sturridge Yeah it was a poor ball I think Sturridge is looking for it just slipped on the ground again it's gaps appearing between both centre backs Rodwell raking ball looking for Defoe Sunderland were obdurate opponents for Liverpool when the sides met at Anfield as recently as November it was two late goals on that occasion in the last 15 minutes that brought Liverpool the 2-0 win they've scored considerably earlier here it's been a lively first quarter of the game both goalkeepers excelling Ndom shuffles away from Wijnaldum penalty Klavan's challenge on Didier Ndom and no hesitation from Anthony Taylor to point to the spot Yeah Ndom does ever so well just been driving in gets past Wijnaldum comes inside and it is a little sandwich between Wijnaldum and Klavan just moves it inside and it's a clear penalty for me correct decision what an opportunity for Jermaine Defoe to get his side level Sunderland have scored their last 21 Premier League penalties the last time they missed was Seb Larsson in December 2011 Sunderland have scored their last 21 Premier League penalties in the final and they won and a 3-1 win to the Champions League well this is a brilliant penalty because Simon Mignolet goes the right way and he's down low and he's quite a distance over but it finds a side netting it's precise it's got enough pace and the little man just exudes the game exudes composure this is it again Mdong driving into the box he knows he's going to take contact Clavan provides that contact and that little man just dispatches the penalty Mdong certainly was a problem there for both Wijnaldum and Clavan from Klopp's point of view he'd be disappointed with the way the two Liverpool players dealt with Didier and Mdong there and the Gabonese midfielder got exactly what he wanted a Sunderland penalty duly dispatched by Defoe well you get the distinct impression of what we've seen so far that we've not seen the last of the goals here at the Stadium of Light in goes Mdong Defoe's onside chance to make it 2-1 still there for Sunderland and somehow it stays out took a deflection I'm not sure that Borini's shot was going in but what a chance for Defoe well I wasn't sure if Mdong was offside but Defoe certainly wasn't and yeah it's a great call as long as Mdong puts the brakes on which he does the problem for Jermain Defoe he just doesn't get it wide enough of Seaman Mignoli or it would have been an empty net just to roll the ball into Larson with the corner no one in a red and white shirt getting anywhere close to that oh what a chance though and you expected this man to bury it it's a great ball Defoe just bombs from a deeper position has a little check whether that just put him off ever so slightly in the end though chance goes a begging you have to feel Borini ought to have done better on the second ball there didn't get anywhere near the contact or the direction with Mignoli scrambling to cover his goal and it's a game on here for Liverpool look at the recent results and the league table and you think well Liverpool can pitch up and just win this at their leisure Sunderland with other ideas in the opening 28 minutes deservedly level yeah well they've had a waft they've had a waft they've had a waft from Clavan just giving away a needless penalty but fair play to them Kev you're right they could have felt sorry for themselves but they've got themselves back into the match Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 well they helped and that's even more interesting for Murdoch they turned the game around Sunderland 1-1 great start Rudolfaco that's the 86s five wickets Sunderland interferes Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 невاخ жمال 15 0 15 0 13 0 16 0 16 0 16 0 17 0 18 0 12 blocks by Barini, which shows great strength to emerge with possession, then fouled by Milner. A yellow card for the Liverpool captain. Well, just getting caught in possession, I'll tell you what, it's overlooked. Jermain Defoe did brilliantly because he shut off the out ball to Clavan from James Milner, that allowed Barini to get tight, and you can see there he's coming in from behind, just stepping across Fabio Barini. Another opportunity to put in a little bit more quality than we saw from Donald Love earlier. Maybe Janos I might fancy this one a in-swinger. Come on, come on, come on! You can see that line of black, trying to stay high, trying to stay brave. Delivered by Larsson. Flags up for offside again. Julepocci, I think the player who was flagged off. Yeah, second time he's been well offside for me. Just dipping in, you can see another clear one. Like the first one with Rodwell head up, he needs to just time it better because it is a good ball. Just has to be a little bit more aware, Papi Julepocci. Given away by Ndombe. This is Mane, Firmino, Sturridge, uses Klein as the decoy. Still Daniel Sturridge, now Klein. Mane. And Ndombe. Janos I. Fancies the footrace with Lovren, who just had a start on him. Yeah, well done, Daniel. And Lovren in red. Janos I was just going to shove it past him, but they've won it back. With Jermaine Defoe. And Ndombe. Closed well by Firmino. Still manages to find Rodwell. Now Love. Rodwell. Oh, stuck it firmly enough on the volley, but straight down the throat of Mignolet. Yeah, speculative effort from Jack Rodwell, his second of the match on target. Not as much as a test to Simon Mignolet as his first one. I just wondered, Jermaine Defoe went down in the box and whether he got a little shove or a trip, but he didn't look happy in the build-up to that shot. Lovren. With pressure from Larsson, and then he gave Lovren what he wanted in the end, a free kick. Leitner sprinting out! Brodie behind him. Let's take a look at what Jeroen does against montalvo. Holding on. Re pragna. Look at the apoyo he's looking for from Godar, who want to get classic of the two. Alain đo It defend the box. Lyon choking a little bit here there with Osman. Ò Finaly Un деся dry Assome horn, De Vos brilliant work from the Sunderland striker maybe just picked up a knock as he went in for that challenge it's Winster Liddell yeah David Moyes might be happy with the goal they've conceded Kev but he certainly will be delighted with the work ethic since that goal just to get themselves back into it Milner Klein in space there is Nathaniel Klein Lallana on his outside Mane quite expecting the Lallana pass clearance only finds Chen Sturridge Richer just sitting off Sturridge momentarily there but Sunderland trying to break they pass one pick out Barini Firmino game being played at a rattling good tempo it's been a really exciting first half Lallana Mane Lallana Sunderland with enough bodies around Adam Lallana yeah Van Aanholt now got a crucial touch Firmino good offer from Milner easy take though for Manoni Mane just take a little bit of a breather James Milner decide to bomb forward there that's what I mean again about the wide players Barini doing so much good work going forward just switched off for a second Van Aanholt looking forward to foul away by Clavan only as far as Barini Larson and a foul just couldn't gather in the ball it came to him late just took his eye off it momentarily oh it was absolutely fizzed in I think Janosai tried to control it missed it Clive Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson A fire in the cologne A fire in the cologne A fire in the cologne blood blood Le'Veux all right very dizzy Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux L'Veux Le'Veux Couldn't get to. Here's Milner. Good cross from Milner this time. Way by Cilobochi. Klein. Mane. Sturridge. Liverpool camped around the Sunderland penalty area. Sturridge goes for goal. Once again, Manoni sprawling to deny him. Milner. Firmino. Chance for Wijnaldum. Closed down at the last by Rodwell. It was a vital intervention there from Jack Rodwell. Yeah, it was a brilliant saving tackle. Sturridge just cuts in. Manoni actually lets it bounce just in front. There. Pushes it well wide. What a chance again for Jermain Defoe. It's Lovren on the far side that's playing him on. It just skips over so quickly in front of him. Could have had a hat trick. Well, up to now, Sunderland most certainly showing the kind of spirit they're going to need in 2013. 2017 to get themselves away from the relegation zone. Januzaj. Covered by Milner. Right under the nose of the assistant referee. Januzaj looking for the free kick. Not forthcoming. I have to say from here, I think it is a free kick. I think James Milner catches his boot. Here's Defoe. Just got Lovren a little isolated out there. But the Croatian managed to... deal with the initial threat. This is Zundong. Good looking ball for Berini. The right idea, not quite the execution. Well, that longer pass from Sunderland has been effective. Two or three times now. Well, I think it's fair to say that that pairing of Lovren... and Klavan isn't the quickest centre-back pairing in the Premier League. And missing the raw pace of the injured Matip in defence. Liverpool. This is Chan. Mane. Firmino. Sadio Mane. Looking for Milner. Finding him. Sturridge. Sturridge. Klavan. Lovren. Lovren. You talked earlier, Neil, about Sunderland operating with a 4-4-2. And that might play into the hands of Liverpool with the extra bodies in midfield. It hasn't quite worked out that way. No, it hasn't. And as I said, I mentioned about Middlesbrough deploying that same formation and getting compact. And it was the switch that did Middlesbrough eventually. But I don't think they've switched it enough, Liverpool. And with the 4-4-2, the two tight banks of four, sometimes if you pop through that first bank of four, then because of the way Liverpool play, there can be a danger. They haven't really done that either, Kev. Inside the last five minutes of the first half at the Stadium of Light. Wijnaldum. Sturridge. In steps Donald Love. Jurgen Klopp showing plenty of faith in the fitness of these players. Just one change from a starting XI. A game that finished less than 48 hours before we kicked off here today against Manchester City. Could have made five or six changes, Klopp. Showing great belief. And the all-round condition of these players. Mane. Last game before he leaves to the African Cup of Nations for Sadio Mane. Liverpool were missing. And they've missed a pass there. And coming forward is Berini. Tracking back though from Firmino. Lost his way there. Berini. Milner. Chan. Mane. Mane. Mane. Working the ball wide to Lallana. Now with Sturridge. Shuffle it onto the left foot. It's becoming a bit of a recurring theme, that, isn't it? Sturridge from 20 yards against Manoni. Yeah, and it's that shift onto the left boot just to open up the target. It's a similar finish to the last one, actually. Manoni almost makes a mess of it. Just a little low, bended shot towards the far post. Well done, Broomey. Let's go, Bryony. Must cue from Klavan. Let's go, Bryony. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Yannis I just squeezed for space goal kick Liverpool Liverpool have won on their last three visits to the Stadium of Light their highest ever points tally ahead of today's match after 19 games of a Premier League season 43 points beats the 42 Liverpool achieved in the 08-09 season other campaigns they might be topped Chelsea have put together that magnificent 13 straight wins Liverpool have stayed in touch with them with their own run of just one defeat in the last 17 problem here now for Sturridge yeah I think he gets a little slap here from John O'Shea right arm up, there you go little forearm almost across the side of the face Klavan Chan difficult one to control that for Firmino this is Ndom losing possession David Moyes furious on the touchline with that wants Ndom to be more switched on offering the encouragement to the midfielder there but cheap possession given away it's dangerous against the side of Liverpool's quality it's a corner so close to the end of this first half, Sunderland do not want to give away another cheap goal like they did for the first one Sunderland