wonderful attendance, and you bear in mind how woeful Sunderland were just two days ago and that 4-1 defeated Burnley, I don't really think the manager had to ask his players for a response their professional pride must have taken an awful knocking Neil McCann at Turf Moor and they have improved immeasurably Yeah I think they have and you can see there's been a lot of work done on that back four in particular just touching on James Milner, I know he was booked in the first half I just wonder whether I'll just pick up on that at the moment because here's Klein, fresh air shot but he got beyond Larson momentarily Newstorage I had to stop talking there, that was a switch from left to right and I just wonder where Moreno coming on at left back to offer that switch, that driving run he offers maybe a little bit more of an attacking force than James Milner might be in Klopp's mind It's the only change on both teams at half time Lovren rather scuffed into the path of Lallana shuffled down the line here to Klein just wonder whether David Moyes might have hit on a formation here Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Rather Rather by accident than design perhaps because he's falling so short of senior players whole team of them out at the moment with either injury or suspension too many sides play 442 in the Premier League it's working well so far for Sunderland against Liverpool here's Mane Lallana turned away by Cilobogi Lallana Januzaj Defoe and now Emery Chan Mane made a good run for him Chan deciding to play the ball into an offside position now it was all about the delay on the pass really that caused a problem for Sturridge yeah just look at just the poke it through and behind the full-back and in between the full-back and centre-back oh it's a close one you can see it's the correct decision though Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Gillo bogy Defoe would get no joy in the air again still Lovren here's Mane clavan Marino to his left Chan now Klein, Lallana Travannes asking too much of Moreno Lallana plenty room here for Klein, wind beginning to pick up a little more inside the stadium of light sloppy ball from Chan this is Ndombe, Djiloboji David Moyes urging more from his team Liverpool dominating possession in the early minutes of this second half without creating a chance Wijnaldum Lovren, Klein risking a card there referee plays good advantage for Liverpool, Larsen almost a rugby tackle there on Klein interesting to see whether Anthony Taylor goes back to book Larsen when the ball goes dead I'll be surprised if he doesn't Anthony Taylor has already jabbed a finger in the direction of Larsen got my eye on you was the message Firmino harried by Ndombe free kick given against Didier Ndombe here you go Kev a yellow card then for Larsen the suspension for players reaching five yellow cards has now ended it's up to ten cautions between now and April so players who were close to five yellows prior to the end of the new year can breathe a little more easily this is Mane and Ndombe an excellent challenge Sunderland will be losing and Ndombe by the way to the African Cup of Nations he'll be playing for the host nation Gabon along with Mane for Senegal, Kone Sunderland centre-back who's injured today will be going there with the Ivory Coast one of their substitutes Wabi Kasri will be there with Tunisia so along with Sunderland's injuries missing the African contingent as well it's going to be tough probably screams ever louder that Sunderland should be moving in the January transfer window be interesting to see how much business they do Sturridge Klavan don't think Klopp will be doing much business might bring the odd one in we'll see Wijnaldum, Klein offering good space cut out though by van Aanholt well that's a switch that Liverpool need to hit Sunderland shifting across as a back four I think he would be wanting that switch just a little bit crisper I mean his standards he's been pretty calm in his technical area today Klopp pretty undemonstrative up to now remember that famous quote that Klopp came out with after Liverpool beat Sunderland at Anfield in November calls David Moyes team the most defensive side he'd ever come up against there'd been a different proposition today Jille Borgie beautiful pass but offside Defoe can't have been much in that it wasn't a bad ball was it and Havard had a little bit of joy he spoke about in the first half with that long pass taken out the midfield Klein Sturridge. Sturridge's ball not quite reaching Moreno. Verrini sorted that. Van Aanholt. O'Shea. Straight to Klein. Moreno. Lallana. Firmino. And Dong working hard to get to Firmino. Love with the interception and now Rodwell. The crowd were a little bit uneasy but I'm sure Jack Rodwell knew exactly what he was doing. Beautiful reception of the ball there from Yanezai who's in possession again here. Van Aanholt. Yanezai. Klein. Just getting a heel to that initially and then producing the clearance. First to it, Mane. Here's Sturridge. Firmino. Moreno. Roberto Firmino. Chan. Klein offering a width again on the right for Liverpool. Sturridge hasn't seen him. Has now. Van Aanholt eventually produces a pass to the full-back. Excellent cross. And somehow Mane has missed a glorious opportunity. What a ball. Just a touch to get the half-yard from Klein. And then just a little bit of time. And then just a little bit of time. And then just a little bit of time. Sturridge shapes this one in. I thought Mane was all over it. I just wonder whether he's just trying to let it bounce off his head instead of throwing his neck forward and meeting it with the forehead. What a great ball. Well, it deserved a finish. It really was a superb cross from this man, Nathaniel Klein. Larsen just struggling to stay with Klein here. Deeper cross this time. It's a calmness persona. A solid pass from Mane. Very good. Fabio Borini has worked up and down that line all game. Former Liverpool player, Fabio Borini. Forward by Love, looking for Yanezai. Clavan was hoping it was going to travel out. He didn't have the purchase that he'd hoped for. And it's a throw to Sunderland. Oh, it just eats into the territory of Liverpool, doesn't it? It gets Sunderland up the park. the pitch, a nothing ball it looked like, but it's caused Liverpool a little bit of problems today. Here's Barini, finding some space, Fabio Barini, and now Defoe! Enough bodies back there for Liverpool, Januzaj. Liverpool, oh, it looks like a handball there, referee Anthony Taylor says no. David Moyes is distraught on the touchline. Oh, it's one of these ones, is it deliberate or not? I don't think it's deliberate, but it certainly hits the hand. Oh, it's a disflick inside, there. I'll tell you what, I think that's a penalty, you know. I know his arm's there, but it's away from the body for me. It's not tight in against the ribs, it's slightly away. You can understand why David Moyes is going crazy down here on the touchline. Here's Klein. Well, you saw how sheepishly Chand tried to hide his right arm behind his body quickly. He knew the contact there was when we saw it fully in that replay, and Sunderland can feel very aggrieved they didn't get a penalty there. But Sunderland, he's got a good shot, he's got a good shot. Sunderland needs to be careful, thought about the back pass, and then links well enough with Chand. Chand. Lovely pass to pick out Moreno, just caught a little bit on the breeze, kept in though by Moreno. And Shea winning an important header there. For Sunderland, Rodwell completes the clearance. Moreno. Lallana. Lovren. Clavan. Firmino. Space for Klein on the right again. Larson tucked in. Sturridge. Wijnaldum. Well, we've got a bit narrow for Liverpool. Yeah, well, Sunderland just narrowing the gaps, but the referee had a big call to make Anthony Taylor on Emre Chand's handball. Watch as Janissary just slips it inside there. The arm's away from the body, and that is a penalty for me. I know we talk about, is it deliberate, is it not? But I think his arm's outside the range. And I think it's a clear penalty. Mane slips the ball into an offside position for Sturridge. And there's the right pass for Mane. Just stepped a little early there, Daniel Sturridge. Well, Sturridge finding a gap this time on the side, Lovren and O'Shea. But again, a good decision. It wasn't, it was offside. Well, it'd be interesting to get David Moyes' view on that. Well, I think we know what his view was, his instant reaction when he wrung his hands in despair. I don't think it's any exaggeration to say 99 times out of 100 that's given. Yeah, well, Jurgen Klopp will say that Emre Chand wouldn't have made the attempt to handle it. But I do believe that his arm was quite wide of the body, stopped the ball, going into the penalty area. Some people will say when you're at the top of the league, you get those. When you're at the bottom, not. Firmino. Klein. Klein. Space now for Lallana. Moreno's made a darting run, but has to check now, having drifted offside. This is Sturridge. Moreno. Lallana's cross. Klein's in there. Goal kick. I wasn't sure if that came off of Seb Larson or not. Not a great fight from Nathaniel Klein. Spaniard. Javi Manquillo. He's been loaned from Atletico Madrid to Sunderland this season, getting last instructions from David Moyes and Paul Bracewell. I understand Jack Rodwell is going to be the player to make way. Yeah, you would think that Donald Love over there would go into the holding rope midfield. O'Shea. And here today they do well. Close well by Lallana. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. 25. LA. I think. I think. 25. Neil, what will be a concern to Klopp at the moment is the amount of ball they've had in the second half, they haven't really worked Manoni in the Sunderland goal much. They do there, but it's a save you'd expect to make. Yeah, it's comfortable, no, I think you're right, but that's testament to, I believe, David Moyes' game plan, the two banks of four working so hard to get in. Rodwell losing out there to Lallana, interception though from Van Aanholt, Januzaj, Van Aanholt, he's got Berini and Defoe ahead of him, here is Fabio Berini, Januzaj, Larsen, plenty of Sunderland bodies forward here, in by Seb Larsen, Liverpool weren't quite sure where that clearance was heading, one of the fortuitously found, Sturridge, this is Mane, has a little look at Manoni's goal, links then with Emery Chan, but no sting in the shot to trouble Manoni. Another easy one for the goalkeeper to take, Chan had options on the far side, Firmino and, I think it was Sturridge bombing down the left side of the box. Man, Kielo will need another warm-up before he gets on, but, he's in the back, he's in the back, he's in the back, here's Andong, Van Aanholt, no link there between Van Aanholt and Defoe, interception from Andong, he's had a very energetic game in the engine room for Sunderland, this is Defoe, he's got the shot on here, great defending by Lovren. It's a spark of life for him, Jermain Defoe just driving towards that penalty area it's a very good block from Lovren across, commits to it superb challenge here comes the Sunderland substitution off comes Rodwell on comes Javi Mankio Mankio is ostensibly a right back I think he's telling Barini to come out to this left side he might then push up on the right Jiloboji needs to deal with that up against Firmino Brazilian trying to work himself a shooting position did so but it's routine for Manoni that was the kind of ball that Jiloboji was struggling with so much two days ago at Burnley his heart was in his mouth I suspect for a moment or two there you're right Neil Mankio was pushed in ahead of Donald Love Larson across Minkowski to more of a central midfield position Barini now operating on the left almost looks as if Donald Love might have dropped in as a third centre back here with Mankio playing at right wing back and Barini left wing back a two-way it's Chong types quite a lot of linebackers defence it's gone that's going to put theittle things of late then it starts with Riyad mutta Uni gr yelling chan hash is playing on dribbles Mankio should go in withiosa on a shotard free kick against Mane just trying to roll Patrick Van Aanholt might have trodden his foot here as well yeah catches a stud on the right foot it's been a key player for Sunderland Van Aanholt in an attacking sense more perhaps than his defensive qualities certainly happier going forward than defending the Dutchman he's weighed in with three goals this season a number of assists as well just trying to shake off that knock yeah Lallana Firmino yeah Wijnaldum Klein excellent block from Van Aanholt and here's Djilivoji and it's a little bit of holding from Lovren referee just gave himself a second or two to see if the ball was going to travel through the Defoe well I think it's the fourth official that gives this actually I saw Anthony Taylor point across in that direction whether he didn't see it the fourth official did Van Aanholt then with the free kick inside the final quarter of the game it's a waste from Van Aanholt and Sunderland have had the ability to remain competitive in a number of Premier League games this season up until the final quarter they've had a propensity to leak a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals this would be quite a dent in Liverpool's hopes of matching stride to a Chelsea at the top if they were to drop points here Jurgen Klopp has been playing a few mind games lately on Antonio Conte's Chelsea by saying we're annoying we're still around yeah you might have won 13 games in a row but we've lost just one in the last 17 I think when you win 13 in a row you'd expect to be over the horizon and away but it's not the case for Chelsea and they're still an irritant Liverpool and so too are Sunderland to Klopp's hopes of three points still 1-1 we're inside the last 20 minutes now Lallana Sturridge is trying to stay on side and he is shuffled into the path here of Lallana back to Sturridge and that is a big save from Manoni what a save again it's that quick slick one twos Sturridge just pops it into Lallana and goes again gets on the wrong side of Patrick Manano but the big goalkeeper Manoni digs Sunderland out yet again didn't have a lot of time to react actually he's down he's big and keeps it from going in the net Moreno with a corner for Liverpool into a good area the flick on and turned in by Mani flag stays down and Liverpool hit the front again and you have to say as Sunderland look to the assistant referee on the near side for offside if he is on side that is the perfect set piece well I didn't think it was offside I just wondered whether Lovren I don't know maybe hits it with his hand or something but he goes up there there is it is it Emery Chan's hand I would like to see that again I think it's as it comes in what's Chan there oh it doesn't get anywhere near him does it it actually comes off Djiloboji yeah it does and it finds its way into Mani at the back stick it's a tap in it's an easy pass it's a nice finish for Mani couldn't possibly be offside with a touch off Pavly Djiloboji that's an inadvertent assist from the Sunderland defender and Sadio Mani has his ninth goal of the season Wijnaldum making way now for Divock Origi Borini Sunderland needing to come from behind again down goes Defoe too easily in the eyes of referee Taylor Origi losing out to Van Aanholt there's Borini skips away from Mani Djiloboji Larsen snapped into the feet of Defoe excellent turn taken on by Januzaj Van Aanholt and Dong Januzaj Sunderland just not finding the gaps to go forward so it's back with Djiloboji Love for Larsen Januzaj Van Aanholt Defoe easily dispossessed White Chan had an excellent game for Liverpool Emery Chan heading towards the final quarter of an hour of normal time and then Liverpool lead by two goals to one Origi Lallana Firmino tries to shrug off and Dong Irving Sturridge Chan Sundlun Sundlun without a great deal of experience on their substitutes bench to call upon in these final minutes Wabi Kazri is the most experienced of the outfield players available to David Moyes and he's going to be with us shortly in the Tunisian international Klein Firmino Moreno Sturridge trying the turn there on Gilles Bogy and the referee said it was a fair challenge I'm not sure on first viewing that it was I thought Gilles Bogy went right through the back Sturridge is still down Daniel Sturridge it's not a head injury so a referee isn't entitled to stop the play Sundlun in no mood to they trail away goes Yanezai Clavan will get there first you can't expect Sundlun to kick it out if Mignoli isn't kicking it out and Klopp's going crazy but you know Mignoli's got a chance to just put that in the stand he didn't do it well what would Klopp's Liverpool do 2-1 down at this stage with 78 minutes gone they'd be playing on as Sundlun are Sturridge is still on his knees inside the Sundlun penalty area it's a Sundlun free kick sarcastic applause from Klopp as Firmino pops it in Sturridge takes a touch I didn't see a great deal on it did you not an awful lot and that he clearly has taken one on the side of the foot well he was going to be substituted anyway Daniel Sturridge Sundlun make their change Yanezai off Kasri on final game for Wabi Kasri who's not been a regular starter to say the least for David Moyes this season after signing 12 months ago for close on £10m even with all the Sundlun injuries hasn't been able to get into the starting XI he's got a chance to make a name for himself here before he goes off to the African Cup of Nations with Tunisia Sturridge will limp off we hope with his injury problems in the past that that's nothing serious for Daniel Sturridge Lucas Leiva will replace him well I'm just laughing at Jurgen Klopp he's a little applause to the Sundlun fans and then he's having a little look up again I don't think he can have any complaints really because his goalkeeper's got an opportunity to put it into a stand but he didn't still a very warm relationship between Sturridge and Klopp given the fact that Sturridge hasn't had too much game time this season he's stayed remarkably patient and I think that's credit to Klopp and his team and his management that he's kept Sturridge very much with his mind firmly on his profession when players of his stature might have spat the dummy out clear and similar Lallana doesn't travel far on the breeze shuffled back in by O'Shea here's Van Aanholt to Kasri heavy touch there from Wabi Kasri and Donald Love will tidy up at the back Kasri on the move so too Lovren I just wonder how tired this Liverpool side much of them will be not a great turnaround from their game at the weekend they're near to face off except� always Marcus D watches Yay pal 3 points now he's left back Pinar sì Lucy Se 결 the operative word it's a much quicker game of course these days but they are athletes sports scientists the nutritionists the physios get them in tremendous condition but two premier league games in less than 48 hours is tough Larson Spears an excellent ball forward he'll drop here for Defoe turns good and a free kick given Chan looks pretty annoyed about that well he's just bounced into Jermaine Defoe and he takes a lovely little turn just pivots rolls Lucas I don't think it's a foul with Chan he just steps across him maybe just a little cut from Lucas yeah but what an opportunity well Kasri Larson Van Aanholt take your pick well Larson has to be favourite surely well they used to have a big reputation from set pieces the Swedes Sev Larson earlier in his career scored some tremendous set piece goals from just about this range in the past Van Aanholt there with a left-footed option well both have had a little turn of moving the ball placing it both really want it don't they pretty reasonably well that's not, I'll say pretty reasonably no doubt they dominated the call beautifully So here's a big moment then for Sunderland it's Larson, wall stands strong feels for handball ... well this one they get after what looked a certain penalty was turned down earlier in the set piece in this second half well it's Mane he's given it against oh yeah yeah it's a good call Anthony Taylor it's whipped tried to reverse it the hand's out he's punched the ball he can have no arguments whatsoever Mane what's the difference between that one and the earlier one with Chan well yeah I know he can be unhappy about it but that was a direct throwing the arm out and punching it I did believe that the first one was a penalty I think maybe you could argue a little bit of justice so Jermaine Defoe has beaten Mignolet with a first half penalty which he put to the goalkeepers right on that occasion we're in the 84th minute and struggling Sunderland have a chance to go level with Liverpool and they do and when you want a cool customer from the spot call on Jermaine Defoe well it's a lot about mind games because he's up for his second penalty but he just wraps his foot around it looks to slide it down the side and just at the very last moment just closes the instep and whips it into the far corner I think the word he used was cool you don't come much cooler than that little man he sees the funny side of it he's trying to stay cool isn't he Klopp but inside he is uneasy because at the moment Liverpool are dropping two vital points in the title race I think Jürgen Klopp has made the substitution taking off storage and bringing on Lucas just to shut things up because he recognises possibly that he's ahead and his team are a little bit tired he'll have to go for it now again though Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane turns away from Larsson tries to make himself a shooting position Firmino Firmino should have let it go to Origi Adam Lallana picked up a yellow card for dissent over the awarding of that second Sunderland penalty well I think when Adam sees it back I don't think he'll have any arguments once he watches it clear penalty clear penalty clear penalty clear penalty well you've got to hand it to Sunderland twice they've come from behind against a very good Liverpool team and they've given David Moyes absolutely everything today at the Stadium of Light Chen Firmino and Dong we needed to be a little more careful there Didier and Dong it's a gift of a free kick to Liverpool he's had a good match in that engine room for Sunderland working back four minutes to go plus stoppage time Marino standing over it looks like we've worked in bending away from Manoni looking for people to go and attack it he can almost reach out and grab the nervous tension around the stadium of light as Marino stands over this Liverpool free kick Origi's round the back here he gets in the outside of a shape floated in by Marino header from Klavan from too much distance to trouble Manoni nah Manoni has got himself in good positions to make saves look very comfortable and a pivot from Klavan Manoni's clearance struggling to reach the halfway line on the gathering wind here at the stadium of light Firmino Sunderland supporters roaring their team on here to a big finish I think they take a point now having twice been behind Manoni hopefully to take a first and then a second touch is that a push by Klein no no complaints Samburini Mane Firmino Sariah Mane steps into John O'Shane and Dong drives the ball forward too long for Defoe but Chelsea naturally will be delighted with this scoreline Chilobochi looked like a foul on the assist on the near side is flagging Liverpool free kick yeah Rigi just gets a little flick on Fili Boji comes right through the back of him just a clip in there striker always favourite bang that's a sore one yeah that was a heavy head collision Rigi has come off the better of the two Chiloboji in some distress but he's still in the lead there Strati just gets stomach cramps where does that come in Phoenix VAR or was he a mess that was a good choice ,- chance performance 那個 win Valera yes I hope I expect a superb minutes stoppage time we're in the 90th minute now. Well he looks in a real bit of discomfort there doesn't he? Sunderland do still have one substitution available to them Moyes looking on anxiously as Djiloboji nurses his head injury they will take no chances the medical staff if there's any sort of concussion being felt there by Djiloboji. Yeah he looks all over the place doesn't he?