wonderful attendance, and you bear in mind how woeful Sunderland were just two days ago and that 4-1 defeated Burnley, I don't really think the manager had to ask his players for a response their professional pride must have taken an awful knocking Neil McCann at Turf Moor and they have improved immeasurably Yeah I think they have and you can see there's been a lot of work done on that back four in particular just touching on James Milner, I know he was booked in the first half I just wonder whether I'll just pick up on that at the moment because here's Klein, fresh air shot but he got beyond Larson momentarily Newstorage I had to stop talking there, that was a switch from left to right and I just wonder where Moreno coming on at left back to offer that switch, that driving run he offers maybe a little bit more of an attacking force than James Milner might be in Klopp's mind It's the only change on both teams at half time Lovren rather scuffed into the path of Lallana shuffled down the line here to Klein just wonder whether David Moyes might have hit on a formation here Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Lovren Rather Rather by accident than design perhaps because he's falling so short of senior players whole team of them out at the moment with either injury or suspension too many sides play 442 in the Premier League it's working well so far for Sunderland against Liverpool here's Mane Lallana turned away by Cilobogi Lallana Januzaj Defoe and now Emery Chan Mane made a good run for him Chan deciding to play the ball into an offside position now it was all about the delay on the pass really that caused a problem for Sturridge yeah just look at just the poke it through and behind the full-back and in between the full-back and centre-back oh it's a close one you can see it's the correct decision though Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Gillo bogy Defoe would get no joy in the air again still Lovren here's Mane clavan Marino to his left Chan now Klein, Lallana Travannes asking too much of Moreno Lallana plenty room here for Klein, wind beginning to pick up a little more inside the stadium of light sloppy ball from Chan this is Ndombe, Djiloboji David Moyes urging more from his team Liverpool dominating possession in the early minutes of this second half without creating a chance Wijnaldum Lovren, Klein risking a card there referee plays good advantage for Liverpool, Larsen almost a rugby tackle there on Klein interesting to see whether Anthony Taylor goes back to book Larsen when the ball goes dead I'll be surprised if he doesn't Anthony Taylor has already jabbed a finger in the direction of Larsen got my eye on you was the message Firmino harried by Ndombe free kick given against Didier Ndombe here you go Kev a yellow card then for Larsen the suspension for players reaching five yellow cards has now ended it's up to ten cautions between now and April so players who were close to five yellows prior to the end of the new year can breathe a little more easily this is Mane and Ndombe an excellent challenge Sunderland will be losing and Ndombe by the way to the African Cup of Nations he'll be playing for the host nation Gabon along with Mane for Senegal, Kone Sunderland centre-back who's injured today will be going there with the Ivory Coast one of their substitutes Wabi Kasri will be there with Tunisia so along with Sunderland's injuries missing the African contingent as well it's going to be tough probably screams ever louder that Sunderland should be moving in the January transfer window be interesting to see how much business they do Sturridge Klavan don't think Klopp will be doing much business might bring the odd one in we'll see Wijnaldum, Klein offering good space cut out though by van Aanholt well that's a switch that Liverpool need to hit Sunderland shifting across as a back four I think he would be wanting that switch just a little bit crisper I mean his standards he's been pretty calm in his technical area today Klopp pretty undemonstrative up to now remember that famous quote that Klopp came out with after Liverpool beat Sunderland at Anfield in November calls David Moyes team the most defensive side he'd ever come up against there'd been a different proposition today Jille Borgie beautiful pass but offside Defoe can't have been much in that it wasn't a bad ball was it and Havard had a little bit of joy he spoke about in the first half with that long pass taken out the midfield Klein Sturridge. Sturridge's ball not quite reaching Moreno. Verrini sorted that. Van Aanholt. O'Shea. Straight to Klein. Moreno. Lallana. Firmino. And Dong working hard to get to Firmino. Love with the interception and now Rodwell. The crowd were a little bit uneasy but I'm sure Jack Rodwell knew exactly what he was doing. Beautiful reception of the ball there from Yanezai who's in possession again here. Van Aanholt. Yanezai. Klein. Just getting a heel to that initially and then producing the clearance. First to it, Mane. Here's Sturridge. Firmino. Moreno. Roberto Firmino. Chan. Klein offering a width again on the right for Liverpool. Sturridge hasn't seen him. Has now. Van Aanholt eventually produces a pass to the full-back. Excellent cross. And somehow Mane has missed a glorious opportunity. What a ball. Just a touch to get the half-yard from Klein. And then just a little bit of time. And then just a little bit of time. And then just a little bit of time. Sturridge shapes this one in. I thought Mane was all over it. I just wonder whether he's just trying to let it bounce off his head instead of throwing his neck forward and meeting it with the forehead. What a great ball. Well, it deserved a finish. It really was a superb cross from this man, Nathaniel Klein. Larsen just struggling to stay with Klein here. Deeper cross this time. It's a calmness persona. A solid pass from Mane. Very good. Fabio Borini has worked up and down that line all game. Former Liverpool player, Fabio Borini. Forward by Love, looking for Yanezai. Clavan was hoping it was going to travel out. He didn't have the purchase that he'd hoped for. And it's a throw to Sunderland. Oh, it just eats into the territory of Liverpool, doesn't it? It gets Sunderland up the park. the pitch, a nothing ball it looked like, but it's caused Liverpool a little bit of problems today. Here's Barini, finding some space, Fabio Barini, and now Defoe! Enough bodies back there for Liverpool, Januzaj. Liverpool, oh, it looks like a handball there, referee Anthony Taylor says no. David Moyes is distraught on the touchline. Oh, it's one of these ones, is it deliberate or not? I don't think it's deliberate, but it certainly hits the hand. Oh, it's a disflick inside, there. I'll tell you what, I think that's a penalty, you know. I know his arm's there, but it's away from the body for me. It's not tight in against the ribs, it's slightly away. You can understand why David Moyes is going crazy down here on the touchline. Here's Klein. Well, you saw how sheepishly Chand tried to hide his right arm behind his body quickly. He knew the contact there was when we saw it fully in that replay, and Sunderland can feel very aggrieved they didn't get a penalty there. But Sunderland, he's got a good shot, he's got a good shot. Sunderland needs to be careful, thought about the back pass, and then links well enough with Chand. Chand. Lovely pass to pick out Moreno, just caught a little bit on the breeze, kept in though by Moreno. And Shea winning an important header there. For Sunderland, Rodwell completes the clearance. Moreno. Lallana. Lovren. Clavan. Firmino. Space for Klein on the right again. Larson tucked in. Sturridge. Wijnaldum. Well, we've got a bit narrow for Liverpool. Yeah, well, Sunderland just narrowing the gaps, but the referee had a big call to make Anthony Taylor on Emre Chand's handball. Watch as Janissary just slips it inside there. The arm's away from the body, and that is a penalty for me. I know we talk about, is it deliberate, is it not? But I think his arm's outside the range. And I think it's a clear penalty. Mane slips the ball into an offside position for Sturridge. And there's the right pass for Mane. Just stepped a little early there, Daniel Sturridge. Well, Sturridge finding a gap this time on the side, Lovren and O'Shea. But again, a good decision. It wasn't, it was offside. Well, it'd be interesting to get David Moyes' view on that. Well, I think we know what his view was, his instant reaction when he wrung his hands in despair. I don't think it's any exaggeration to say 99 times out of 100 that's given. Yeah, well, Jurgen Klopp will say that Emre Chand wouldn't have made the attempt to handle it. But I do believe that his arm was quite wide of the body, stopped the ball, going into the penalty area. Some people will say when you're at the top of the league, you get those. When you're at the bottom, not. Firmino. Klein. Klein. Space now for Lallana. Moreno's made a darting run, but has to check now, having drifted offside. This is Sturridge. Moreno. Lallana's cross. Klein's in there. Goal kick. I wasn't sure if that came off of Seb Larson or not. Not a great fight from Nathaniel Klein. Spaniard. Javi Manquillo. He's been loaned from Atletico Madrid to Sunderland this season, getting last instructions from David Moyes and Paul Bracewell. I understand Jack Rodwell is going to be the player to make way. Yeah, you would think that Donald Love over there would go into the holding rope midfield. O'Shea. And here today they do well. Close well by Lallana. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. Sunderland still not quite ready to bring on Manquillo. 25. LA. I think. I think. 25. Neil, what will be a concern to Klopp at the moment is the amount of ball they've had in the second half, they haven't really worked Manoni in the Sunderland goal much. They do there, but it's a save you'd expect to make. Yeah, it's comfortable, no, I think you're right, but that's testament to, I believe, David Moyes' game plan, the two banks of four working so hard to get in. Rodwell losing out there to Lallana, interception though from Van Aanholt, Januzaj, Van Aanholt, he's got Berini and Defoe ahead of him, here is Fabio Berini, Januzaj, Larsen, plenty of Sunderland bodies forward here, in by Seb Larsen, Liverpool weren't quite sure where that clearance was heading, one of the fortuitously found, Sturridge, this is Mane, has a little look at Manoni's goal, links then with Emery Chan, but no sting in the shot to trouble Manoni. Another easy one for the goalkeeper to take, Chan had options on the far side, Firmino and, I think it was Sturridge bombing down the left side of the box. Man, Kielo will need another warm-up before he gets on, but, he's in the back, he's in the back, he's in the back, here's Andong, Van Aanholt, no link there between Van Aanholt and Defoe, interception from Andong, he's had a very energetic game in the engine room for Sunderland, this is Defoe, he's got the shot on here, great defending by Lovren. It's a spark of life for him, Jermain Defoe just driving towards that penalty area it's a very good block from Lovren across, commits to it superb challenge here comes the Sunderland substitution off comes Rodwell on comes Javi Mankio Mankio is ostensibly a right back I think he's telling Barini to come out to this left side he might then push up on the right Jiloboji needs to deal with that up against Firmino Brazilian trying to work himself a shooting position did so but it's routine for Manoni that was the kind of ball that Jiloboji was struggling with so much two days ago at Burnley his heart was in his mouth I suspect for a moment or two there you're right Neil Mankio was pushed in ahead of Donald Love Larson across Minkowski to more of a central midfield position Barini now operating on the left almost looks as if Donald Love might have dropped in as a third centre back here with Mankio playing at right wing back and Barini left wing back a two-way it's Chong types quite a lot of linebackers defence it's gone that's going to put theittle things of late then it starts with Riyad mutta Uni gr yelling chan hash is playing on dribbles Mankio should go in withiosa on a shotard free kick against Mane just trying to roll Patrick Van Aanholt might have trodden his foot here as well yeah catches a stud on the right foot it's been a key player for Sunderland Van Aanholt in an attacking sense more perhaps than his defensive qualities certainly happier going forward than defending the Dutchman he's weighed in with three goals this season a number of assists as well just trying to shake off that knock yeah Lallana Firmino yeah Wijnaldum Klein excellent block from Van Aanholt and here's Djilivoji and it's a little bit of holding from Lovren referee just gave himself a second or two to see if the ball was going to travel through the Defoe well I think it's the fourth official that gives this actually I saw Anthony Taylor point across in that direction whether he didn't see it the fourth official did Van Aanholt then with the free kick inside the final quarter of the game it's a waste from Van Aanholt and Sunderland have had the ability to remain competitive in a number of Premier League games this season up until the final quarter they've had a propensity to leak a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals and it's a lot of late goals this would be quite a dent in Liverpool's hopes of matching stride to a Chelsea at the top if they were to drop points here Jurgen Klopp has been playing a few mind games lately on Antonio Conte's Chelsea by saying we're annoying we're still around yeah you might have won 13 games in a row but we've lost just one in the last 17 I think when you win 13 in a row you'd expect to be over the horizon and away but it's not the case for Chelsea and they're still an irritant Liverpool and so too are Sunderland to Klopp's hopes of three points still 1-1 we're inside the last 20 minutes now Lallana Sturridge is trying to stay on side and he is shuffled into the path here of Lallana back to Sturridge and that is a big save from Manoni what a save again it's that quick slick one twos Sturridge just pops it into Lallana and goes again gets on the wrong side of Patrick Manano but the big goalkeeper Manoni digs Sunderland out yet again didn't have a lot of time to react actually he's down he's big and keeps it from going in the net Moreno with a corner for Liverpool into a good area the flick on and turned in by Mani flag stays down and Liverpool hit the front again and you have to say as Sunderland look to the assistant referee on the near side for offside if he is on side that is the perfect set piece well I didn't think it was offside I just wondered whether Lovren I don't know maybe hits it with his hand or something but he goes up there there is it is it Emery Chan's hand I would like to see that again I think it's as it comes in what's Chan there oh it doesn't get anywhere near him does it it actually comes off Djiloboji yeah it does and it finds its way into Mani at the back stick it's a tap in it's an easy pass it's a nice finish for Mani couldn't possibly be offside with a touch off Pavly Djiloboji that's an inadvertent assist from the Sunderland defender and Sadio Mani has his ninth goal of the season Wijnaldum making way now for Divock Origi Borini Sunderland needing to come from behind again down goes Defoe too easily in the eyes of referee Taylor Origi losing out to Van Aanholt there's Borini skips away from Mani Djiloboji Larsen snapped into the feet of Defoe excellent turn taken on by Januzaj Van Aanholt and Dong Januzaj Sunderland just not finding the gaps to go forward so it's back with Djiloboji Love for Larsen Januzaj Van Aanholt Defoe easily dispossessed White Chan had an excellent game for Liverpool Emery Chan heading towards the final quarter of an hour of normal time and then Liverpool lead by two goals to one Origi Lallana Firmino tries to shrug off and Dong Irving Sturridge Chan Sundlun Sundlun without a great deal of experience on their substitutes bench to call upon in these final minutes Wabi Kazri is the most experienced of the outfield players available to David Moyes and he's going to be with us shortly in the Tunisian international Klein Firmino Moreno Sturridge trying the turn there on Gilles Bogy and the referee said it was a fair challenge I'm not sure on first viewing that it was I thought Gilles Bogy went right through the back Sturridge is still down Daniel Sturridge it's not a head injury so a referee isn't entitled to stop the play Sundlun in no mood to they trail away goes Yanezai Clavan will get there first you can't expect Sundlun to kick it out if Mignoli isn't kicking it out and Klopp's going crazy but you know Mignoli's got a chance to just put that in the stand he didn't do it well what would Klopp's Liverpool do 2-1 down at this stage with 78 minutes gone they'd be playing on as Sundlun are Sturridge is still on his knees inside the Sundlun penalty area it's a Sundlun free kick sarcastic applause from Klopp as Firmino pops it in Sturridge takes a touch I didn't see a great deal on it did you not an awful lot and that he clearly has taken one on the side of the foot well he was going to be substituted anyway Daniel Sturridge Sundlun make their change Yanezai off Kasri on final game for Wabi Kasri who's not been a regular starter to say the least for David Moyes this season after signing 12 months ago for close on £10m even with all the Sundlun injuries hasn't been able to get into the starting XI he's got a chance to make a name for himself here before he goes off to the African Cup of Nations with Tunisia Sturridge will limp off we hope with his injury problems in the past that that's nothing serious for Daniel Sturridge Lucas Leiva will replace him well I'm just laughing at Jurgen Klopp he's a little applause to the Sundlun fans and then he's having a little look up again I don't think he can have any complaints really because his goalkeeper's got an opportunity to put it into a stand but he didn't still a very warm relationship between Sturridge and Klopp given the fact that Sturridge hasn't had too much game time this season he's stayed remarkably patient and I think that's credit to Klopp and his team and his management that he's kept Sturridge very much with his mind firmly on his profession when players of his stature might have spat the dummy out clear and similar Lallana doesn't travel far on the breeze shuffled back in by O'Shea here's Van Aanholt to Kasri heavy touch there from Wabi Kasri and Donald Love will tidy up at the back Kasri on the move so too Lovren I just wonder how tired this Liverpool side much of them will be not a great turnaround from their game at the weekend they're near to face off except� always Marcus D watches Yay pal 3 points now he's left back Pinar sì Lucy Se 결 the operative word it's a much quicker game of course these days but they are athletes sports scientists the nutritionists the physios get them in tremendous condition but two premier league games in less than 48 hours is tough Larson Spears an excellent ball forward he'll drop here for Defoe turns good and a free kick given Chan looks pretty annoyed about that well he's just bounced into Jermaine Defoe and he takes a lovely little turn just pivots rolls Lucas I don't think it's a foul with Chan he just steps across him maybe just a little cut from Lucas yeah but what an opportunity well Kasri Larson Van Aanholt take your pick well Larson has to be favourite surely well they used to have a big reputation from set pieces the Swedes Sev Larson earlier in his career scored some tremendous set piece goals from just about this range in the past Van Aanholt there with a left-footed option well both have had a little turn of moving the ball placing it both really want it don't they pretty reasonably well that's not, I'll say pretty reasonably no doubt they dominated the call beautifully So here's a big moment then for Sunderland it's Larson, wall stands strong feels for handball ... well this one they get after what looked a certain penalty was turned down earlier in the set piece in this second half well it's Mane he's given it against oh yeah yeah it's a good call Anthony Taylor it's whipped tried to reverse it the hand's out he's punched the ball he can have no arguments whatsoever Mane what's the difference between that one and the earlier one with Chan well yeah I know he can be unhappy about it but that was a direct throwing the arm out and punching it I did believe that the first one was a penalty I think maybe you could argue a little bit of justice so Jermaine Defoe has beaten Mignolet with a first half penalty which he put to the goalkeepers right on that occasion we're in the 84th minute and struggling Sunderland have a chance to go level with Liverpool and they do and when you want a cool customer from the spot call on Jermaine Defoe well it's a lot about mind games because he's up for his second penalty but he just wraps his foot around it looks to slide it down the side and just at the very last moment just closes the instep and whips it into the far corner I think the word he used was cool you don't come much cooler than that little man he sees the funny side of it he's trying to stay cool isn't he Klopp but inside he is uneasy because at the moment Liverpool are dropping two vital points in the title race I think Jürgen Klopp has made the substitution taking off storage and bringing on Lucas just to shut things up because he recognises possibly that he's ahead and his team are a little bit tired he'll have to go for it now again though Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane turns away from Larsson tries to make himself a shooting position Firmino Firmino should have let it go to Origi Adam Lallana picked up a yellow card for dissent over the awarding of that second Sunderland penalty well I think when Adam sees it back I don't think he'll have any arguments once he watches it clear penalty clear penalty clear penalty clear penalty well you've got to hand it to Sunderland twice they've come from behind against a very good Liverpool team and they've given David Moyes absolutely everything today at the Stadium of Light Chen Firmino and Dong we needed to be a little more careful there Didier and Dong it's a gift of a free kick to Liverpool he's had a good match in that engine room for Sunderland working back four minutes to go plus stoppage time Marino standing over it looks like we've worked in bending away from Manoni looking for people to go and attack it he can almost reach out and grab the nervous tension around the stadium of light as Marino stands over this Liverpool free kick Origi's round the back here he gets in the outside of a shape floated in by Marino header from Klavan from too much distance to trouble Manoni nah Manoni has got himself in good positions to make saves look very comfortable and a pivot from Klavan Manoni's clearance struggling to reach the halfway line on the gathering wind here at the stadium of light Firmino Sunderland supporters roaring their team on here to a big finish I think they take a point now having twice been behind Manoni hopefully to take a first and then a second touch is that a push by Klein no no complaints Samburini Mane Firmino Sariah Mane steps into John O'Shane and Dong drives the ball forward too long for Defoe but Chelsea naturally will be delighted with this scoreline Chilobochi looked like a foul on the assist on the near side is flagging Liverpool free kick yeah Rigi just gets a little flick on Fili Boji comes right through the back of him just a clip in there striker always favourite bang that's a sore one yeah that was a heavy head collision Rigi has come off the better of the two Chiloboji in some distress but he's still in the lead there Strati just gets stomach cramps where does that come in Phoenix VAR or was he a mess that was a good choice ,- chance performance 那個 win Valera yes I hope I expect a superb minutes stoppage time we're in the 90th minute now. Well he looks in a real bit of discomfort there doesn't he? Sunderland do still have one substitution available to them Moyes looking on anxiously as Djiloboji nurses his head injury they will take no chances the medical staff if there's any sort of concussion being felt there by Djiloboji. Yeah he looks all over the place doesn't he? off we go then, Liverpool in the all dark strip from right to left in the first half early test for Donald Love who's come in for Billy Jones at right back Sunderland reverting to a back four after playing three central defenders against Burnley at least for part of that match at Turf Moor but that game plan went out of the window when Lamone, Lamine Coney had to limp off with a hip injury and on the ball here is Djiloboji who had a bit of a nightmare performance at Burnley interesting to see how his confidence stands up today against this informed Liverpool side and they really, Neil McCann, have been entertainers this season, top scorers in the league yeah without a doubt and as I've touched on before the match it's not one striker they rely on like Chelsea rely heavily on Diego Costa this Liverpool side they've got so much freedom of movement, so many avenues to explore when teams try to shut up shop it's interesting to see Sunderland's formation today, it's almost a 4-4-2 with Januzaj put out as if he's going to partner Jermain Defoe with Larsson and Borini being asked to go and support as well but with two banks of four Kev, I think that supplies a little bit of room for this Liverpool side so real tough afternoon ahead for Sunderland here's Milner, it's been a revelation at left back for Klopp this season this is the Estonian international, Clavan continuing to play alongside Dejan Lovren in the absence of Joel Matip still no Philippe Coutinho of course for Liverpool, they've absorbed his loss very well such a talented and deep squad Klopp has at his disposal Sturridge finding Lovren this is Klein Sturridge Wijnaldum scored that terrific header against Manchester City on New Year's Eve the goal that brought Liverpool all three points this is Chan Lallana nice touch from Mane Klein support from Lallana Firmino Klein eventually hacked away by Borini yeah I wasn't sure if there was actually a little tug on Klein's jersey from Sev Larson on the 1-2 through the box there to be fair to Klein he didn't moan about it too much it was after he had a little word Wijnaldum Liverpool will expect to dominate possession movement in Klopp's team this season has been outstanding at times there seems to be several options for the man in possession this is Klein Mane shuffle forward to Lallana back with Sadio Mane and nobody will get near the cross this was the awkward moment coming up for Sev Larson who remember gave away a penalty against Burnley two days ago yeah well this is what I mean about the slick 1-2's there's a lot of pull on Klein's left arm there from Sev Larson 1-2 Lallana just pops through Firmino look at the jersey pull there I think it initially starts outside the box but this is the white boys are going to have such a hard shift today like Middlesbrough when Liverpool went there they play a real tight back four and you mentioned in warm-up of course at the Sunday looked as if they were working on that then that provides a switch for Liverpool which means Barini and Sev Larson better be prepared to walk back here's Chen harassed by Barini Van Aanholt unable to get control Defoe will and finds Larson must have checked out didn't really have the pace to go on there Sev Larson this is Defoe room to shoot and it's well claimed by Mignolet again it's Patrick Van Aanholt offers the threat from the wider area it goes for a little return past Defoe of course just turns he's aware that Lovren's going for the 1-2 it just opened up with us a slight way well held from Mignolet had he spilled that then Janissary might have had a word to say first attempt on target from Sunderland and Defoe Janissary love referee might have allowed play to continue but Sunderland will settle for this free kick yeah absolutely I think when the ball shoved wide wasn't a great deal of options just a little clip by Emery Chan Janissary and Larson survey the scene Rodwell Djilipoji O'Shea a line of three that's where the ball will be heading via I suspect the right foot of Larson or left of Janissary it will be Larson and a free header in there the flag was up for offside but Rodwell didn't get the touch he was hoping for yeah it's a free header but I think he's offside I think Djilipoji's offside as well trying to hold the line both dip in and you can see there actually Rodwell isn't that far offside it has to be said Djilipoji well in front of the back floor this has been from Sunderland's point of view an encouraging opening seven minutes Firmino Mane lovely ball picks out Sturridge well saved by Manoni at full stretch what a good stop Fito Manoni down low to the corner Firmino snapped into the feet of Wijnaldum and once again Manoni introduced into the action oh it just opens up for Wijnaldum trying to shape this one into the top corner it's pretty straight you expect the goalkeeper to make a save with that one but the one before it with Daniel Sturridge takes a lovely touch and it's a right foot shot trying to find the far corner big strong hand from the goalkeeper James Milner with the Liverpool corner up goes Lovren got his head to it but assured was Barini in his defensive position rolls out for the goal kick and it's a good one and it's a good one well early on in the match Fito Manoni being brought into action this is Wijnaldum sorry this is the first one with Sturridge a right foot shot doesn't quite catch it that cleanly but it's far enough into the corner to ask questions of Manoni that boy there has certainly stood up when asked this season Jordan Pickford yeah he's standing did a rather admirable job Kev certainly has it's caught the eye of a lot of the big clubs in the Premier League Pickford his knee injury though is going to keep him out till the end of February Lovren Mani Lallana room now for Chen pass away with the ball Sturridge and Rodwell unable to pick out Januzaj that's the most difficult of passes Wijnaldum Milner Firmino blocking the attempted clearance from Love a winger that's a really good resistance it out Nice fans Cowboys and不動 make their way towards the end side here front at bank transfer two in the air Liverpool in defence score number two lots of against the general poor form only two points from safety Mane up against Van Aanholt just a little too much on the Sadio Mane cross Firmino will keep the attack alive though support from Milner if he needs it and here from Wijnaldum oh Wijnaldum strange one that I think he was expecting it was going to be a Liverpool corner from here it did look like a goal kick he looked pretty confident he just walked towards that I don't think there's any doubt is there I'm not sure why he doesn't go and get that well since this man came in to Liverpool they've been scoring plenty of goals have been leaking a few almost as if we'll score more than you the Manta under Jurgen Klopp they've been great to watch October 2015 when the German arrived Lovren covering Defoe this is Larsen Rodwell and Dong Donald Love nobody pressurizing Klein particularly good job with the clearance catching on the breeze and sort of gift of a Sunderland throw high up the pitch Van Aanholt looking for Rodwell struck it well and Mignolet is in the lead they had to be very watchful there crowd responding to the Sunderland press and that's overzealous from Rodwell yeah he's not going to escape a yellow card I didn't think there was too much in it he comes in late on Emery chant yeah I don't think he can have any arguments actually on second viewing but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round but I tell you it's Seymour Mignolet's turn now to go to the final round Seymour Mignolet had to push this wide watch Jermaine Defoe dipping in just hoping he spells it it's a very good save a real stinging effort from Jack Rodwell laces on it down low but well dealt with not really endeared himself much to the Sunderland fans Rodwell since a big money move from Manchester City he's had a fair amount of injury problems but even by his own admission he's he's not really delivered for the amount of money Sunderland paid for him up to now here's Firmino that's wild from the Brazilian near a corner flag then Manoni's goal what do you think Neil had made Sunderland manager of the start so far um today in the game I don't think it's been too much of what we wouldn't expect Liverpool really enforcing themselves on the game Sunderland trying to be resolute and compact we spoke about how they were warming up and that back four been really tight and I think they've been helped out with the the boys in front they're working back ever so well it's just going to take an awful lot of concentration never mind fitness and mental fitness to keep this going for the full 90 because Liverpool will continue to probe I think we know what Moyes feels about Sunderland's start and how they're going to play in the second half. the worst in their history two points in the opening 10 games here's van Aanholt put the crowd on side here and Dom a little bit of the momentum a lot of the momentum has gone out of what was an initial break from van Aanholt oh it's interesting like the City game where Liverpool are just dropping off normally we see the high press this is Yannis Ayy up against Lovren Emery Chan Yannis Ayy hurried out of possession this is Lallana Mane looking for Firmino Love for the header only as far as Wijnaldum and Dom Rodwell Yannis Ayy it's a little stronger on this occasion referee Anthony Taylor very close to the action says no foul well I have to agree from my first viewing of that I think Yannis Ayy just falls over he got bumped two or three times maybe just lost the power in the thighs as he pushed it past Klein Borini looking early forward to Foe stretching header from Klavan finds Champ Melanie in love with timy not much time on the ball in this game I'll tell you from either side Sunderland players to be fair to them are trying to lift this huge crowds in today Rodwell Burini bat to him via Yannis Ayy Burini looking for the early cross travel into that Liverpool penalty area this is Sadio Mane Klein Sturridge Lallana Milner offering the width Adam Lallana Firmino Sturridge Manoni with a strong hand to that but it's still alive here for Liverpool Lallana's attempted shot come cross is blocked only as far as James Milner Sunderland looking for a flag which stayed down from the assistant on the far side but Manoni with another good stop not sure it was travelling in but he he couldn't be stopped he could be short no it was a big strong hand not a lot of back lift from Daniel Sturridge either a real relaxed effort it almost seemed Firmino Mane shuffles away from Ndong blocked by Djiloboji this is Mane Firmino support from Lallana off and turned just wide of his own goal by Seb Larson well a question whether the white boys would be prepared to walk back in Seb Larson has definitely done that there almost put it into Liverpool trying to take it quick but Seb Larson almost found his own net there Daniel Sturridge trying to catch everyone out I'm sure they can work a phone with those gloves I'm sure there's a puff of cheeks of relief from Seb Larson that his touch sent it wide of a post and not into his own goal Liverpool corner then taken by Milner Lovren and the header beats Manoni and Daniel Sturridge heads Liverpool in front his first Premier League start since mid-October and back Domingo and back Domingo also still has some bit of pressure for Liverpool wonderful indeed as ever 뚝 well done over the top of Manoni well history tells us that when Sunderland go behind they do tend to struggle they are the joint second lower scorers in the Premier League with just 17 this season more than 50% of those for Jermaine Defoe and they find themselves a goal down here to that header from Daniel Sturridge well it's a gift, it really is a choke shot from the big centre back and just a nice little looping header from Daniel Sturridge they've been working so hard as well Vito Manoni has had three you would say real good stops but that's cheap Yanezai Yanezai goes down but no free kick forthcoming this is Djiloboji easy header for Clavan finding Chan Lovren well I guess Dejan Lovren could claim an assist for the goal but as you say nearly really choked on the shot and when you're down at the bottom those sort of things tend to go against you but having said that there was still enough time and you alluded to it that Sunderland players could have provided a better cover job on Sturridge they didn't and as a consequence they trail free kick against Van Aanholt from Lord what about Liverpool Ravens insert de Trau 3 2 1 2 balls call best ворwater Moshe F 동ма Nice return from Firmino and Alden a little too strong looking for Sturridge Yeah it was a poor ball I think Sturridge is looking for it just slipped on the ground again it's gaps appearing between both centre backs Rodwell raking ball looking for Defoe Sunderland were obdurate opponents for Liverpool when the sides met at Anfield as recently as November it was two late goals on that occasion in the last 15 minutes that brought Liverpool the 2-0 win they've scored considerably earlier here it's been a lively first quarter of the game both goalkeepers excelling Ndom shuffles away from Wijnaldum penalty Klavan's challenge on Didier Ndom and no hesitation from Anthony Taylor to point to the spot Yeah Ndom does ever so well just been driving in gets past Wijnaldum comes inside and it is a little sandwich between Wijnaldum and Klavan just moves it inside and it's a clear penalty for me correct decision what an opportunity for Jermaine Defoe to get his side level Sunderland have scored their last 21 Premier League penalties the last time they missed was Seb Larsson in December 2011 Sunderland have scored their last 21 Premier League penalties in the final and they won and a 3-1 win to the Champions League well this is a brilliant penalty because Simon Mignolet goes the right way and he's down low and he's quite a distance over but it finds a side netting it's precise it's got enough pace and the little man just exudes the game exudes composure this is it again Mdong driving into the box he knows he's going to take contact Clavan provides that contact and that little man just dispatches the penalty Mdong certainly was a problem there for both Wijnaldum and Clavan from Klopp's point of view he'd be disappointed with the way the two Liverpool players dealt with Didier and Mdong there and the Gabonese midfielder got exactly what he wanted a Sunderland penalty duly dispatched by Defoe well you get the distinct impression of what we've seen so far that we've not seen the last of the goals here at the Stadium of Light in goes Mdong Defoe's onside chance to make it 2-1 still there for Sunderland and somehow it stays out took a deflection I'm not sure that Borini's shot was going in but what a chance for Defoe well I wasn't sure if Mdong was offside but Defoe certainly wasn't and yeah it's a great call as long as Mdong puts the brakes on which he does the problem for Jermain Defoe he just doesn't get it wide enough of Seaman Mignoli or it would have been an empty net just to roll the ball into Larson with the corner no one in a red and white shirt getting anywhere close to that oh what a chance though and you expected this man to bury it it's a great ball Defoe just bombs from a deeper position has a little check whether that just put him off ever so slightly in the end though chance goes a begging you have to feel Borini ought to have done better on the second ball there didn't get anywhere near the contact or the direction with Mignoli scrambling to cover his goal and it's a game on here for Liverpool look at the recent results and the league table and you think well Liverpool can pitch up and just win this at their leisure Sunderland with other ideas in the opening 28 minutes deservedly level yeah well they've had a waft they've had a waft they've had a waft from Clavan just giving away a needless penalty but fair play to them Kev you're right they could have felt sorry for themselves but they've got themselves back into the match Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 Sunderland 3-0 well they helped and that's even more interesting for Murdoch they turned the game around Sunderland 1-1 great start Rudolfaco that's the 86s five wickets Sunderland interferes Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 Sunderland 5-0 невاخ жمال 15 0 15 0 13 0 16 0 16 0 16 0 17 0 18 0 12 blocks by Barini, which shows great strength to emerge with possession, then fouled by Milner. A yellow card for the Liverpool captain. Well, just getting caught in possession, I'll tell you what, it's overlooked. Jermain Defoe did brilliantly because he shut off the out ball to Clavan from James Milner, that allowed Barini to get tight, and you can see there he's coming in from behind, just stepping across Fabio Barini. Another opportunity to put in a little bit more quality than we saw from Donald Love earlier. Maybe Janos I might fancy this one a in-swinger. Come on, come on, come on! You can see that line of black, trying to stay high, trying to stay brave. Delivered by Larsson. Flags up for offside again. Julepocci, I think the player who was flagged off. Yeah, second time he's been well offside for me. Just dipping in, you can see another clear one. Like the first one with Rodwell head up, he needs to just time it better because it is a good ball. Just has to be a little bit more aware, Papi Julepocci. Given away by Ndombe. This is Mane, Firmino, Sturridge, uses Klein as the decoy. Still Daniel Sturridge, now Klein. Mane. And Ndombe. Janos I. Fancies the footrace with Lovren, who just had a start on him. Yeah, well done, Daniel. And Lovren in red. Janos I was just going to shove it past him, but they've won it back. With Jermaine Defoe. And Ndombe. Closed well by Firmino. Still manages to find Rodwell. Now Love. Rodwell. Oh, stuck it firmly enough on the volley, but straight down the throat of Mignolet. Yeah, speculative effort from Jack Rodwell, his second of the match on target. Not as much as a test to Simon Mignolet as his first one. I just wondered, Jermaine Defoe went down in the box and whether he got a little shove or a trip, but he didn't look happy in the build-up to that shot. Lovren. With pressure from Larsson, and then he gave Lovren what he wanted in the end, a free kick. Leitner sprinting out! Brodie behind him. Let's take a look at what Jeroen does against montalvo. Holding on. Re pragna. Look at the apoyo he's looking for from Godar, who want to get classic of the two. Alain đo It defend the box. Lyon choking a little bit here there with Osman. Ò Finaly Un деся dry Assome horn, De Vos brilliant work from the Sunderland striker maybe just picked up a knock as he went in for that challenge it's Winster Liddell yeah David Moyes might be happy with the goal they've conceded Kev but he certainly will be delighted with the work ethic since that goal just to get themselves back into it Milner Klein in space there is Nathaniel Klein Lallana on his outside Mane quite expecting the Lallana pass clearance only finds Chen Sturridge Richer just sitting off Sturridge momentarily there but Sunderland trying to break they pass one pick out Barini Firmino game being played at a rattling good tempo it's been a really exciting first half Lallana Mane Lallana Sunderland with enough bodies around Adam Lallana yeah Van Aanholt now got a crucial touch Firmino good offer from Milner easy take though for Manoni Mane just take a little bit of a breather James Milner decide to bomb forward there that's what I mean again about the wide players Barini doing so much good work going forward just switched off for a second Van Aanholt looking forward to foul away by Clavan only as far as Barini Larson and a foul just couldn't gather in the ball it came to him late just took his eye off it momentarily oh it was absolutely fizzed in I think Janosai tried to control it missed it Clive Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson Larson A fire in the cologne A fire in the cologne A fire in the cologne blood blood Le'Veux all right very dizzy Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux Le'Veux L'Veux Le'Veux Couldn't get to. Here's Milner. Good cross from Milner this time. Way by Cilobochi. Klein. Mane. Sturridge. Liverpool camped around the Sunderland penalty area. Sturridge goes for goal. Once again, Manoni sprawling to deny him. Milner. Firmino. Chance for Wijnaldum. Closed down at the last by Rodwell. It was a vital intervention there from Jack Rodwell. Yeah, it was a brilliant saving tackle. Sturridge just cuts in. Manoni actually lets it bounce just in front. There. Pushes it well wide. What a chance again for Jermain Defoe. It's Lovren on the far side that's playing him on. It just skips over so quickly in front of him. Could have had a hat trick. Well, up to now, Sunderland most certainly showing the kind of spirit they're going to need in 2013. 2017 to get themselves away from the relegation zone. Januzaj. Covered by Milner. Right under the nose of the assistant referee. Januzaj looking for the free kick. Not forthcoming. I have to say from here, I think it is a free kick. I think James Milner catches his boot. Here's Defoe. Just got Lovren a little isolated out there. But the Croatian managed to... deal with the initial threat. This is Zundong. Good looking ball for Berini. The right idea, not quite the execution. Well, that longer pass from Sunderland has been effective. Two or three times now. Well, I think it's fair to say that that pairing of Lovren... and Klavan isn't the quickest centre-back pairing in the Premier League. And missing the raw pace of the injured Matip in defence. Liverpool. This is Chan. Mane. Firmino. Sadio Mane. Looking for Milner. Finding him. Sturridge. Sturridge. Klavan. Lovren. Lovren. You talked earlier, Neil, about Sunderland operating with a 4-4-2. And that might play into the hands of Liverpool with the extra bodies in midfield. It hasn't quite worked out that way. No, it hasn't. And as I said, I mentioned about Middlesbrough deploying that same formation and getting compact. And it was the switch that did Middlesbrough eventually. But I don't think they've switched it enough, Liverpool. And with the 4-4-2, the two tight banks of four, sometimes if you pop through that first bank of four, then because of the way Liverpool play, there can be a danger. They haven't really done that either, Kev. Inside the last five minutes of the first half at the Stadium of Light. Wijnaldum. Sturridge. In steps Donald Love. Jurgen Klopp showing plenty of faith in the fitness of these players. Just one change from a starting XI. A game that finished less than 48 hours before we kicked off here today against Manchester City. Could have made five or six changes, Klopp. Showing great belief. And the all-round condition of these players. Mane. Last game before he leaves to the African Cup of Nations for Sadio Mane. Liverpool were missing. And they've missed a pass there. And coming forward is Berini. Tracking back though from Firmino. Lost his way there. Berini. Milner. Chan. Mane. Mane. Mane. Working the ball wide to Lallana. Now with Sturridge. Shuffle it onto the left foot. It's becoming a bit of a recurring theme, that, isn't it? Sturridge from 20 yards against Manoni. Yeah, and it's that shift onto the left boot just to open up the target. It's a similar finish to the last one, actually. Manoni almost makes a mess of it. Just a little low, bended shot towards the far post. Well done, Broomey. Let's go, Bryony. Must cue from Klavan. Let's go, Bryony. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Mehmet. Yannis I just squeezed for space goal kick Liverpool Liverpool have won on their last three visits to the Stadium of Light their highest ever points tally ahead of today's match after 19 games of a Premier League season 43 points beats the 42 Liverpool achieved in the 08-09 season other campaigns they might be topped Chelsea have put together that magnificent 13 straight wins Liverpool have stayed in touch with them with their own run of just one defeat in the last 17 problem here now for Sturridge yeah I think he gets a little slap here from John O'Shea right arm up, there you go little forearm almost across the side of the face Klavan Chan difficult one to control that for Firmino this is Ndom losing possession David Moyes furious on the touchline with that wants Ndom to be more switched on offering the encouragement to the midfielder there but cheap possession given away it's dangerous against the side of Liverpool's quality it's a corner so close to the end of this first half, Sunderland do not want to give away another cheap goal like they did for the first one Sunderland