from the back of a six game winning sequence of their own their last six matches here's Lamsamani one of the new recruits for the busier schedule this season involving a European football the referee let it go talk about local heroes a fantastic piece of counter-attacking football a brilliant piece of refereeing as well for the course or the back here let's go Lester very poor from the kickoff to be caught at the back like this Davis does the right thing he backs up Morales there's the foul the referee lets play go on and sucks away brilliantly by the youngster a whirlwind of a start from the home side here in Leicester but simply blown away Davis did really well to keep pace with Morales and that's what you get for sensing the moment talk about a big future he's not doing bad in the present it's that maturity that uncertainty understanding many young players would have just stopped their run and allowed Morales to actually do all the work himself but Davis kept on going just in case anything broke that maturity this season from Tom Davis has been outstanding his second senior goal though first was in a 4-0 win however Manchester City here a result that's a reminder to all and sundry that Everton at Goodison Park sometimes too hot to handle and Chelsea still have to play here here's Lukaku here's Lukaku Barclay Davis here's Baines so when you make many changes Andy of course you hope to bet into a game without this happening to you but Leicester already on the back foot to concede a goal from great Shakespeare's point of view from having the kickoff dropping the ball out of play okay the ball is out of play but it's so high up the field that you've got a chance to set yourself defensively and be prepared for Everton coming back at you they simply weren't they got overrun here's Holgate Lukaku and Morales there's been a thorn in Leicester side in recent Premier League games he's scored in the last three games well he's a lucky boy here because he doesn't actually appreciate the run of Kevin Morales off his shoulder just the bounce of the ball it gets away from Morales but good movement off the ball from the wide man it's a full back you've got to open your body up and appreciate the move and Morales is actually making him behind you watch the ball he's dead in the water well he spent Wednesday night in between Mesut Kante and Guardiola as the fourth official at Stamford Bridge thank you glad after that to be out in the middle and he's shown superb judgment in the opening seconds of the game here's Baines Lukaku Baines there was a feeling in the Everton camp that if they made a fast start they could really unhinge this much altered Leicester line up and it's a good thing that they did that in the first half of the season and here's Demaree Gray trying to reply in the kind of Morales Slimani is free he's in he's equalised well what a game we've got on our hands here pace and penetration at the end of the pace a goal apiece in four minutes right it's a typical Leicester goal but Morgan Schneidling goes to ground here he's holding midfield as the ball breaks in stay on your feet stay with your man once you go to ground and allow a the Leicester players to break beyond you you're in big trouble I just thought the pass wasn't going to actually come towards Slimani eventually it did he would have been happy of maybe taking it first time has to take a touch but he keeps the ball really close to his feet that means he can tuck it under the goalkeeper Everton caught short at the back Leicester sweeping down the field and equalising incredible start to the game that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester Jagielka well it was 1-1 Everton's last game it took till the 94th 95th minute for the second goal of course they conceded to Ibrahimovic's penalty so close to beating Manchester United on Tuesday and going above them in the table they would have done had that been the case Jagielka who plays the pass got their goal Slimani has got a goal for Leicester here and that is a really tidy finish but again looking at Schneidlin's role in that Leicester counter attack he's the deepest line of the central three for Everton you've got Gueye pushing on Davis pushing on so important that Schneidlin doesn't get bypassed that's exactly what happened Gueye, Barkley, Gueye comes out to Davis Barkley and Everton enigma at times Gueye Lukaku Barkley always preferring to work it onto his right foot it's a throw not the free kick that Barkley was hoping for across goes Ben Chilwell and you can see Leicester defensively two solid banks of force Slimani dropping on Vardy to be the extra member of the central midfield as well so very hard for Everton to play through them they've got to be patient I guess the clock is ticking for this wonderful ground one of the stately homes of English football and Everton now having had a site allocated for them for a new home they've been playing here since 1892 where they had a lot of trouble when they left the last ground which is called Anfield and to fill the void of an empty stadium they created Liverpool FC Evertonians have been regretting that move ever since here's Gueye so Schneidlin Holgate able to line up across here goes in low comes out to Barkley Davis trying to tee up Morales well they played here in the third round the FA Cup it's like a cup tie at the moment and Everton scored first in that one too and lost 2-1 here's Morales Barkley I think they're reluctant to play it inarily with the likes of Robert Huth to head it away as he did powerfully then a breathless start Ronald Koeman who is very adept at keeping his cool must be churning a bit inside Craig Shakespeare this management game so taking to it in goes Benelouane hit back by Drinkwater well earlier in the season conceding such an early goal might well have flattened Leicester not in this part of the campaign they've rediscovered their resolve Jamie Vardy is epitomising that he's blocked off Brad Pennington and if you're Pennington has to learn a lesson very early here you can't dwell on the ball when Jamie Vardy is around he will close you down he'll pinch you back and he'll look to commit you that was a brilliant little turn from Vardy and pretty clear obstruction he's got to get the ball in Mark Albrighton in charge of the delivery he's got to beat the park at the near post he's bringing that front screen for Everton Huth and Slimani main men in the air oh it's gone straight in and Leicester lead Mark Albrighton with the free kick that has flown past Joel Robles three goals of Goodison Park three goals of Goodison Park inside ten minutes and two of them against Everton I think the reaction of the Everton goalkeeper tells you absolutely everything I'm sure he's anticipating the ball into the box so he's taking a step as if he's got to come and try and deal with maybe the cross doesn't get himself set in terms of his position in the goal so then when the ball is actually on target he's absolutely nowhere near it he's got it horribly wrong I think he's actually slightly over hit by Albrighton he's not looking to score he's looking to whip it into the box the keeper makes a mess of it and it's not a good time and not a good time and it's not a good time it's a remarkable statistic it's a remarkable statistic to add to Slimani's first ever away goal for the club to add to Slimani's first ever away goal for the club when it's going your way and Jake Shakespeare's Leicester just taken the first punch and come back with a couple of their own if you look where the free kick has been taken from and the size of Joel Robles he must be six foot four six foot five he shouldn't be being beaten from there he shouldn't be being beaten from there mate and he doesn't have the best of times at Anfield last weekend Munster looking to spring forward again Pennington Pennington did score in the Derby second set was is a tight in the starting six paid A hooves in whole bag before backs will try and push them gave had a call chance to extend this remarkable start to the game back by Jagielka in comes Davis Morales trying to stand it up towards Lukaku who's kept it in but really only that then very tight on Vardy Jagielka one of the most extraordinary starts to a Premier League game I think I've seen all season not just the fact we've had the goals but just that the tempo that the game has been played at frantic in a word yeah you can almost forget the tactics and the team selections it's two sets of 11 going head-to-head at each other there's no better site so you mentioned the Everton fullbacks pushing for them that is a big feature of their play normally Seamus Coleman will be doing that with his injury it's up to Mason Holgate so Baines will push on as well the two central midfielders will push on ahead of Schneidlin that's dangerous against Leicester we've seen it already on the counter-attack we've got your two centre-halves and one holding midfielder that's what Leicester are looking to take advantage of well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions they lost four games in a row and they're still in the lead so that's a big thing for Leicester. Well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions and they lost four games in a row so that's a big thing for Leicester. well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions and they lost four games in a row so that's a big thing for Leicester. before this sequence of five successive Premier League victories of the change of management we've got Claudia Ranieri coming on our Monday night football to analyze everything over the weekend very interesting to get his take on what we've seen so far and what's so likely to follow here's a great kicked away by Joel Robles and as far as chill well Andy King the challenge to influence the proceedings in midfield Schneidlin and he's got a new deal and he's got a new deal still Everton's throw always ready when called upon Andy King always ready when called upon Andy King a stalwart of Leicester's style of play. Seharov Jr. and it's because the W tejizz against Brighton against Brighton even put down Ritor antib Shit even did not get the ball even did not get the ball Paul ait take the ball against Bryant to Mars Lester this is a big one so needs it time to go on players that sense of 44 copies out the picture that's the uncomplicated style that Lester have reverted to rediscovered Caspish Michael realizing that ever to my jet to drop their concentration Friday he'll chase anything the game here last even finished 3-2 to Lester Wars days get every right to to challenge for that ball he raised down there's no swing elbow it's not a foul it's just accidental Baines Marty Tom by O'Brighton Jackie Elka stepping in drink water it's a risky ball across for Holgate with grey lurking back on his feet comes and gets the ball does a lot of fetching and carrying Lukaku Lukaku and he's been playing with Wes Morgan still out with a back problem nicely done by Bartlett Morales Bames, Lukaku is on the move over him and will be retrieved by Damari Gray good piece of defending there from Robert Huth he knew the cross was going to come in he was touched tight with Lukaku there's no way the striker was going to get to that ball first even if it landed right on his head Pennington there tight old man he was tight on Vardy but he didn't give it up to his recent club goals of course he scored impressively as a substitute England against Lithuania and he is a streak scorer at times a streak non-scorer but when he gets going again just as if something works for him that perhaps other strikers would love to have he's in the end safely leaving it to Davis Amati Davis is a real sign yet of the game settling to a more considered pace only one in a hurry to play their passes Schneidlin more thoughtful Barkley Holgate deciding just to try and whip it in but not very successfully it's pretty clear that Everton are going to dominate possession but they've got to be patient with the ball not try and force it forward too quickly try and play those killer passes every time they have it they've got to work their openings Koja Gjelke had a spell of poor form himself earlier in the season but has worked his way back into the team like the XI of the season and he's a very consistent professional that he is Barkley Holgate trying to set off from right back as you say Andy Seamus Coleman style we wish him the most rapid of recoveries from that terrible injury playing for the Republic of Ireland what's going to happen of course with Holgate pushing on providing the width down the right we're going to see Ross Barkley coming into more central areas like this to try and influence the game and it's a very good start and it's a very good start and it's a very good start for the team and it's a very good start for the team and it's a very good start for the team Holgate it came from Barnsley the same route as John Stones who of course has moved on to Manchester City and some profit for Everton and some profit for Everton Baines Davis Holgate Fante and Everton Blue in the middle quite sure what he saw there quite sure what he saw there it's a little give and go Mason Holgate rolls the ball into him he's just trying to lay that ball off there's too much on it of course for Lukaku it is all about his goals but his link play absolutely vital when you're the lone striker the big target man that has to be absolutely spot on just overcooks it we've had a handful of early goals here Everton are specialists at getting late ones and they're not going to be able to get away with it they're going to have to call upon that particular attribute Marti one of a number of players that has to use at the start of the season to to Chelsea to Chelsea Chilwell goes across Chilwell goes across some talk a while back when Chilwell might be playing his football here on Merseyside a lot of interest from Liverpool before really he was tested in Leicester's first team Leicester's first team as you've seen and you know we've seen the of the of the of of the of of of top quality the delivery and the header Romelu Lukaku extends his wonderful scoring streak here in home games and in the Premier League in general this is one of the crosses of the season from a player, I said he needs to influence the game more it is quite brilliant Robert Huth gets caught ball watching, he's no idea that Lukaku is at his back Ross Barkley doesn't get any better than that it's a dream really for a centre forward the ball's in front of him, he can time his run he can have a look at Schmeichel and he was never going to miss but it's all about the ball in from Barkley that is simply sensational Lukaku scores in 8 successive home games in all competitions the best done by an Everton player since 1965 and Fred Pickering managed it in 8 games in a row 64-64 65 no wonder they've got that big deal on the table for him would have been surprised if he missed that opportunity but again Ross Barkley, how many players in wide areas trying to pick people out, be too precise he plays that ball into space, the space that he expects Lukaku to move into that is why it's so brilliant and this is why the Premier League is so brilliant you could make a case for not so much to play for here over time the Prince of问 additional any nine that's all items 評 jao t Bagøy too for Kylian Mourne Cruyff nervous Farhe особенно at this time of the match so far as Bhar llamado licenses to kalishyn highlighting a huge accomplishment forpressurising hard work won by James Choi rather than the shooting Braves力ci to be und SNAP a few negative thoughts so far Jack Elkis back pass but he was under pressure Brighton's intersection I don't know how much intent there was by Leighton Baines there certainly interrupted the chance for Brighton to get beyond it quite a tricky call for Bobby Madley this I'm afraid he's just given himself some time to have a little look at it have a think about it he's slightly late, he certainly catches O'Brien it's only too malicious isn't it he just actually leaves that left leg there for O'Brien to fall over I'm sure it's only going to be just a word what is he supposed to do? fucking disappear! well of course Albrighton's goal didn't come from in the penalty area lovely take by Gray just feel Damari Gray is on the verge of being right up there with a Premier League best take it once every time a signing from Birmingham City of course he was a super boy there a big point for Damari Gray was actually getting into the side of course with Mahrez and Albrighton being so successful in that title-winning season he's just actually getting games it was his problem he's just getting more now Morales away to Davis by Albrighton attacking Morales Davis Barkley I think we've all had to be careful with the challenge Hoof has now nobsenced through the clearance 2-2 1-1 1-1 we just sense the players are enjoying it as much as we are and maybe not all the defenders Robert Hoof I'm happy to hack that one away I suppose we shouldn't be too surprised that the goals have gone in between these two sides the last eight Premier League games between them 30 goals have gone in so should have not expected it at kick-off 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 some of the understandable support here maybe it just crossed the barrier to inappropriate language if you picked up something that's offensive we do apologise and a little bit of inappropriate behaviour here it's more than possible that it's not going to be a good one for them more than verbal 2-1 Kevin Morales is a big lad you're going to pick on anyone you're going to pick on someone bigger than yourself 2-1 Morales has tried to disappear from the scene of the crime Morales is clearly unhappy he'd gone infield and Leicester players were nibbling away at him he clearly feels that they overstepped the mark 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 Sales go in it looks like Morris of Cardiff that was D formulation Napoli and here's Gueye Jagielka in by Baines just down by Lukaku bit narrow for Ayrton down although Holgate was getting free and right back but they were close enough to goal to think about breaking the central route it's very congested but they can get a decent ball into Lukaku very important and Everton try and play with as much width as they can get their full backs forward get crosses in Vardy trying to anticipate read the mind of Phil Jagielka Monday night football comes from Southhurst Park Crystal Palace against Arsenal both clubs with plenty to play for Claudio Ranieri in the studio to analyse the events there and what the Premier League has produced this weekend however he says it, it will be charming Barclay Schneiderlin right against Leicester in the Community Shield back in August a late substitute for Manchester United all being surplus to the Marino requirements here Barclay Holgate Ayrton's throw that's the kind of dominant driving performance we're seeing here from Ross Barclay and the strings want to see more of that from him Lukaku Baines Leicester can nick it the counter attack might be on Drinkwater probably Madly looking to say he's going to blow the whistle then but decided not to free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour No half an hour half an hour half an hour Fast and furious and Block And than Fours goals the ball to the right of the ball to the left of the ball and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air Come on. Nobody recognising that Come on. Nobody recognising that Come on. Nobody recognising that Crinshman needs to be controlled Crinshman needs to be controlled Crinshman needs to be controlled a little bit more. a little bit more. a little bit more. Holgate, Holgate, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, I'm trying to block the cross I'm trying to block the cross хороший Mane, precisely, precisely, strongly entitled internally entitled 未 silonaw Rick will stay I'd appreciate the overlapping run of the full-back, but stay with him, he doesn't do that, he's always playing catch-up. Oh, no. Oh, no. Hockey, it'll be a short corner, a penalty corner. Unusual position to get a delivery like this in football. What has Ross Barton got in mind for Everton? Hard and low towards Morales. Leighton Baines, get it onto his left foot. Davis. Chagilka, slow to get in. And Kasper Schmeichel. First thought, to look long, but there was nothing on. And the ball is in. And the ball is in. And the ball is in. And the tempo of this game has been terrific. And the forward thinking of both teams. I know Leicester have had much less of the ball, but that is the game that they've regained in recent weeks. Slimani. Corner off, Jack Elfrey wasn't under too much pressure. A little bit annoyed with himself, but he didn't just cushion that and clear it. He's pulled out the best that Leicester could hope for here, because Slimani had only Vardy in the penalty. A terrain fault. Leicester midfielders weren't making up the ground, so they'll take the set piece. Good. Good. He was actually the furthest forward, so Kasper Schmeichel on the ground, where his father scored a Premier League goal. Peter, the uninitiated, was a goalkeeper. For the one or two of you who don't know that. He scored here for Aston Villa against Everton. He was quite far enough forward, Kasper, then, to make it a family double. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Okay, made it his. Morales. So, really, I think we should credit for starting it off with that bold break that led to Tom Davies' opening goal. And here he goes again, the Belgian. Okay. Barkley. Good anticipation. Andy King with a block. Morales. Lukaku. On the burst, but not on the target. He should be doing a lot better. He's done all the hard work. He knows he can not have a position on his favourite left foot. Good run off the ball from Hogan, just to open up a bit of space for Lukaku. Once he gets past Chilwell, it's just about composure. Just pass it towards that far post. Just leaning back slightly, too much power in it. That's why it's way wider the target. He's chasing a record held by a great Dixie Dean. 12 home games in a row he's scored in, back in the 1930s. Slimani. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. There's a good flexibility in the effort to see players pop up in a variety of positions. Lukaku going from centre forward out wide, making things happen. Morales and Barfi. coming in field into central area so they're always giving Leicester back force something to think about just got there first and fairly Davis trying to buy Leicester a bit of time here okay Jagielka encouraged to come forward Morales Davis now the teenager doesn't panic under pressure Bartlett can Everton get back in front before half time and on a mission here on Merseyside Morales on his mission Gay, Barkley, Gay deflected corner and the ball really is zipping about very hard for Kasper Speichel to get himself set here he's never really sure when the shot is going to come in then there's a deflection but easily dribbled into the far corner and then the ball is in the back of the net and then the ball is in the back of the net whenios Grant running a bit of a long quartet slip there oils Rotwang balls footmark sanfranco reflects on how he didn't devour that chance. An extraordinary piece of goalkeeping from Schmeichel. Tom Davis showing he can tackle as well, he's certainly onside, Barclay, looks like he's done everything right. But Schmeichel just to make it a yard up, so when he dies he gets his fingertips on the ball, brilliant stop. Another Everton corner. APPLAUSE Phil Jagielka scores for the second game in a row, and Everton lead for the second time in this extraordinary third half. Schmeichel stops Barclay scoring, but no-one from Leicester can stop Phil Jagielka. This is how you take a set-piece, it's flat, it's pacey, Schmeichel can't come off his line and deal with it. There's a composed header from Jagielka, doesn't try and batter it towards the goal, the pace is on the ball, just redirects it. There's nothing Schmeichel can do about this, it's a brilliant ball in for Morales, and once Jagielka gets on the move in between Leicester players, they have got a major problem. It's a brilliant set-piece goal. I think it's fair to say that this sporting weekend up here in the city of Liverpool didn't stop when they roared home the winner of the Grand National. This is grand and it's international. It's the Premier League, and it's Everton 3, Leicester 2. And there's still four minutes to go to half-time. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE PARTY CHANTING Vardy, Gray trying to get away, Parrington, trying to earn his spurs at this level. He's not as far forward as Tom Davies or Mason Holgate, but he's getting chances because of the indisposition of others. PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING It's probably a good thing that Ashley Williams isn't playing today. He really fell out big time with Leicester when he was at Swansea. Particularly Riyad Mahrez. And Wallace. Now Gray. And Leicester come again. Amati. All Brighton. Slimani. Big danger in the air to Everton. Frustrating it is to be a goalkeeper. Who performs miracles here. Cash Miss Michael to keep out Ross Barkley. Just takes that extra step. Long reach. It looked like Barkley was going to tuck it home. And his defenders go to sleep on the set piece. It's a wonderful ball in for Morales. He's pinned on his goal line. He's hoping his defenders will help him out. And they don't. And Everton take the lead. Ben Elouan. Headed on by Slimani. Taken on by Gray. But he can't slide it through to Vardy. It's probably only right that maybe Everton go in at half time leading. Because since Leicester took the lead, it's been all about Everton. They dominated possession. They created the best opportunities they have. Looked the most threatening. And they finally got their noses in front. And they have a man who thinks it's nil-nil. Or his team's cruising. The rest of us have got hairs up on the back of our necks, I can tell you. It's been mesmerising. Just wonder from Koeman's point of view. It's great, of course, you've scored three. But will he be happy that his team have conceded two? You're absolutely right, Andy. But he's not showing that. He's the Iceman. You have a card, because of course there was a previous... incident involving Leighton Baines that he got away with. That's what it's all about. The referee's probably saying that to him. He caught Albrighton earlier. And if he warns you then you do it again, I'm gonna put you... This is real dangerous. Set-pieces with Albrighton stood over them. Robles made a mess of the last one. He's gonna get his positioning sorted out now. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! A little bit breezier here at Goodison as the... temperatures have dropped later in the day in by Albrighton. Panning in Slomani. In the nooks. That's a brilliant defensive header from... Phil Jagielka as well. Wonderful ball in from Albrighton, but it's Jagielka who... Can't make it.