time in between All right, so started another one of the started another one of the first defensive header powered by Jackомap department Jagielka and it's not exactly a clash of heads but Schneidlin knocked to the ground actually holding his back. The problem here is that Schneidlin is looking to screen Slomani because Slomani is dropping off and looking to flick those balls on towards Jamie Vardy, put his gloves on, obviously feeling the cold. Well, to be fair, it's been a beautiful day until about kick-off time. Temperatures I'm sure above 20 degrees. But once the sun's gone in, a reminder of the time of year that it is. But he is the only player wearing gloves, isn't he? Yeah, they didn't have gloves on Morales and Huth, did they? Apart from the keepers, obviously. Here's Lukaku. Here's Lukaku. Here's Barkley. Yes, Barkley has to live with a huge sense of expectation about his play week in, week out. He's certainly delivering today. So Lukaku will tell you. And a beautiful back-heel by Lukaku. Cold game. Here is Barkley. He wasn't appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was sneakily appealing. He was checking early. How could he have done that? Can't tell who you've got toAh yes sure. Can you want te to make that CMB? Let him in. Let him in. How is he doing? I don't know. It's cool. Various England managers at different underage groups are queuing up for services. There is an under-21 tournament. He hasn't figured in that group yet. But keep playing Premier League football. Hayley Boothroyd is in charge of that. And we'll be bringing you that action actually on Sky Sports in June. You never know, it might feature Tom Davis. Tom Davis. Two-inch Michael's positioning. Means it's a comfortable save. Romane trying to flick it on. Craig Shakespeare. Craig Shakespeare. That 100% record isn't going to go on forever. But when he was 2-1 up with a quick turnaround. Obviously would have seen potential in getting something from this game. And that still exists even though they're 3-2 down. So well. Couldn't quite get that. Another young Englishman on view. Headed on by Lukaku. Morales. Davis. He might be able to let that run and get onto it. But Albrighton had other ideas. Interception by... It was a guy so good at reclaiming possession for Everton. Barkley. Gay. Slick again. Lukaku. That's just a little bit under here. But he might have made a bit more effort to get there. Barkley's looking incredibly sharp today. He's hardly giving the ball away at all. Barkley. Davis. King's challenge. Albrighton. Trying to play it forward early as Leicester love to do. But he had to come to feet that time. Here's Slimani. Deflected into the side netting. Not lucky here Leicester. But it's just a little bit under here. The wrong side of the post for them. Schneidlin's helping out defensively. Covers the ground to get back. That could easily have sneaked past the keeper at the near post. Morale went behind the goal at this end from a corner from this side. Lukaku. And... The line was up. Robert Hoots was... Trying to add to the couple of goals he scored at Goodison Park. And it's Stoke City. And it's Stoke City. And it's Stoke City. That's right where they needed him defensively. Drink water saying I'll have it. Leviton. And... Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. higher line it's always risky against Leicester Slemani had it across goal towards Vardy forward by Holgate wasn't the worst ball to at least get his team up the pitch a bit of course with Vardy on the side they're looking to turn Everton but with Slemani in there as well ability to get hold of the ball as he's doing here he's the aerial ability to flip things on Tom Davis gave Patrick Davison a delightful pre-match interview smiles and genuine belief of the fairy tale that he's living out here engaging young man and he'll be giving plenty of chats to the media in the years to come I do think the more attacking role that's got in the side with Schneiderlin sitting a bit deeper Tom Davis could play there comfortably with his maturity in his range of passing but playing him further forward invites him to get on the ball make things happen at 18 years old it's hard to dominate games in the Premier League but he has the ability to do that it was a policy I think it turned out well he did notice to by the age that is Antoine Stile score as well as a single out mentioned well as a shot thấy from Idrissa Gueye it's not a lead to that do you feel Everton can rest on Schneidlin a bit disappointed though about eight minutes the second half and had a goal top of the shoulder by Joe Robles out of his eye line Davis Lukaku trying to stay with him Lukaku Everton Barclay Kingstackle and in too much of a hurry Barclay and Lukaku subject to some fear that they've been singled out after the latest trip to Anfield where Everton really weren't as competitive as they would have hoped to have been it was a collective shortfall just on the shoulders of two of their finer players Liverpool have done the double over them again this season but only Liverpool have won here in the Premier League 18 games just that one defeat and Arte did well because Morales was a great player almost in behind him and there's Schneidlin it's fair to say it's not a Pep Guardiola type of game I think they'll be watching on thinking this is absolutely horrendous neither side is absolutely dominating the ball Finkwater Vani chasing Pennington might have a problem here anyway much greater know-how and you know extra Saints Freddie Williams Dodgers and again. Just a move ahead of the opposition with the ball and without them. Holgate. Gay, Barkley. Davis always wanting to be involved. A good battle between Albright and the Banes. Here's Morales. Using that change of pace again, getting a corner out of it. And now scored Everton from corners in three consecutive Premier League matches. Another chance to rack up that stat here. Oh, you're a wide player. Isolated against a full back, you can't get a cross in, get the next best thing which is a set piece. Jagellka, Lukaku. 4-2 Everton. The set piece does the trick again. That's not exactly as it was set up to do. But that doesn't worry the boys in blue. It's poor again defensively from Leicester. Looked like Jagellka should score here. Doesn't make clean contact on it. And Robert Huth used to really throw himself at Lukaku. He was always going to shoot when the ball breaks his way. Just that lack of reaction. Far too easy for Lukaku to tuck it home. And that could be terminal now for Leicester. Again, really poor defensively from a set piece. Leicester not doing their jobs and the ball breaks, not reacting quickly enough for Lukaku. Well, he certainly did. He's on to the second ball to score his second goal and is 23rd in the Premier League this season. The only negative for Everton is... He's going to need more noughts on the contract. But I don't think it's about the money. It's about what Everton can deliver in terms of ambition and level of football there. Facing, of course, a team in the Champions League already in the quarter-final to come on Wednesday. And it's certainly in line with the rules. They're having their own European ambitions. Are you happier now, Mr Hinchcliffe? You've seen a goal in the second half. I just felt as though I was getting short-changed. You've gone every nine minutes in the first half and going to wait far too long. I know you have a voracious appetite for food. There's goals as well. Here's Barkley. HE CHUCKLES HE CHUCKLES MAKAKU ON A HAT-TRICK. HOLDGATE. A disconcerted Robert Hood. HOLDGATE DOES WELL TO GO IN AGAIN. DAVIS TRYING TO GET THERE, JUST BEATEN TO IT BY KING. HE CHUCKLES CHANGING THE FOOT FOR LESTER. HOLDGATE. HOLDGATE. AND CONGRATULATIONS TO RANG. RING WRAPPER. RING WRAPPER. RING WRAPPER. A HIT TO BARTY. A HIT TO BARTY. KING. HE'S GREAT. OK. DRIVE WATER. HE FIRED IN TO BARTY. HE FIRED IN TO BARTY. PENNINGTON'S DONE WELL AGAINST THE INDIAN STRIKER. PENNINGTON'S DONE WELL AGAINST THE INDIAN STRIKER. holds off with the real battle of strength Bobby Madley shakes his head who'd won the battle of strength that time Everton are winning the war an hour gone Bobby Madley feels that Solakaku went to ground far too easily coming up number 22, Damari Gray it's time for Riyad Mahrez one of those who were left at the start but half an hour of action here Damari Gray who set up Somali for Leicester's first goal Wednesday in my doubt, Ahmed Moussa who came on and scored twice in the FA Cup came in January, he's had a difficult week a brush with the law but it's enough for Craig Shakespeare to take him out of selection consideration it's very important for Leicester to get the ball into the feet of Riyad Mahrez he's playing on that right hand side Albrighton switched over to the left but Leighton Baines has been booked so we get Mahrez on the ball running at the left back could be problems for him Mahrez who got two goals, both penalties incidentally in Leicester's 3-2 win here last season in the Premier League and now in the Premier League it is extraordinary how a throwing on the half-way line can evoke such emotions it always does Moosa away. Here's Barkley. Ball for Orphan. Just needs to be a little bit wider. Yes, Michael will get there. Barkley hopes evaporated. That's what the carpe does so well. Mixes his game up. He drops short. It's the ball into his feet. He loves to spin. The shoulder of defenders. So hard to defend against. And that by Darrell. Bounty played by Bobby Madley. May well revisit Andy King. Lukaku's Latin as well. But Everton still have the ball. Lukaku. Can he see a gap for the shot? And he couldn't. They couldn't find the pass for a willing ally that Kevin Morales has been today. And here's Riyad Mahrez. And they try to meet fire with fire. It's a free kick to Leicester. Bobby Madley will be having a look. Oh, Andy King. Bobby Madley as well is trying to let the game flow as much as possible. It's a late challenge from King. It is a yellow card. He was up and got on with the game. So the referee did the right thing. Everton still in possession. Everton. But it is. It's a Leicester free kick. Taken by Morales. Can't get the range. Barkley. Barkley. Mention that 6-3 against Bournemouth. Lukaku's got four in that, of course. five to six, and there was a good tonight. negotiating a very good performance that we must worry about. We tend to do a broad test if we are going to see any yesterday. We will have something like on Friday with the Kyries unfair and really sad timing because we're very good tonight. Moussa it's all more than a quarter of the game to go and score two in quick succession in the first half Leicester certainly might be in the white shirts but there's no white flag from them as yet Mahrez see quite so many of the long throws these days but Moussa has a go by Jagielka Drinkwater now Marti another weak cross by Moussa I think turned out to be a pass from Mahrez but here comes Barca Barca on the charge Albrighton giving chase Pennington learning with every minute plenty of experiences in the Premier League alongside Jagielka is an enormous help as well because Jagielka will be constantly talking to him pushing and pulling him around and the young players important to learn with the senior pros shape for the long throw but Montes Limani nicely works Moussa's cross Leicester desperately trying to raise their game Mahrez another one Moussa on the head Jaskin Barclays' head to reach Chilwell Albrighton Robles comes wasn't decisive Moussa that was just a lack of communication more than anything else between Robles and Jagielka as that ball is floated in the Keeper a nice clear shot just come and catch it there should be any problem that was just a lack of communication more than anything else between Robles and Jagielka as that ball is floated in the Keeper Gareth Barry ready Lukaku Davis was possessed by Drinkwater now Mahrez on the right put all the left foot King Chilwell early maybe effectively for Albrighton Pennington was up to the task Albrighton again that was up hundredth game for Leicester today for Mark Albrighton pretty eventful times as he came here or came to Leicester from Aston Villa title win of course the season before the great escape not quite as dramatic this time around but it I think it will be an escape despite what's happening here eight points ahead of the relegation zone at the moment that was the capability by his favour disrupted that a battlefield was reaching far and wide Parvati could have been that Kerry ijke 87 Stamford last number to be careful who's got to be careful michael has to be decisive which he was chillwell did really well how many full backs around on the cover would have slid in there trying to pinch the ball he just stayed on his feet he's never going to make the challenge and just by staying on his feet and having them to win the ball back mares fed by drink water in a real ebb and flow to the game um to be acquired since then lukaku who might be the player going off barry coming on marty trying to give morales a taste of his own medicine everton can make their change inside the last 20 minutes and the first choice again after his disappointing first half of the season with manchester united and the old man of the premier league is on again game six two three chasing ryan gig six three two all-time appearance record since the restructuring of the leagues late two years ago mclaren with a spot on 20 to 24 and big lakera going to park fasting this weekend pitbull أذфن ultral ваш all was him more in Everton's play about we think we might be able to hold on to this they're just sitting a little bit deeper that's why Leicester in any comfortable possession here to play on the counter attack with a good work their openings it they're usually all about King virus of course he's probably more known for the attacking side of this game is 49 Premier League assists which takes him beyond even and the Hedgecliff what a player he must be it's interesting the way Everton been using Ross Barkley recently and is a third member of a three-man attacking force some into the areas where he can make chances and take them although the best chances had couldn't quite convert the first half but it led to the corner that led to Everton's third goal Frank water giving and going King not too impressed with the Marty's lack of control there that's Leo you show up to play for Leicester since the FA Cup game here through injury one or two things said that perhaps see regrets during the January transfer window wanting a move have been forgotten and forgiven well privy to the innermost thoughts of the coaches at Leicester clerk Nick Warner now tank watz to fullbacks and Baines has handled him well. Chilwell. Moussa. Brighton. Good cross through the ball. Moisted forward by Morales. Looking at Mahrez, so four Mahrez at every opportunity last there. Slimani. King. But lucky that bounced back his way off the gate. Lamati. Leicester City probing. Fifteen minutes left. 4-2 down at Goodison Park. Chilwell. Not throwing in the towel. Drink water. Slimani. Missing by Idrissa Gueye. He is in the Angola content mode, isn't he? Here's Moussa though. Aguilera won't get there. Moussa wins a corner. This is what Leicester are going to have to do. Just take their time and pick their forward passes carefully. It's Jagielka who got dragged into a wide area there. Couldn't get close enough to Moussa. Good movement from the striker. He has got that pace of running behind defendors. There's Moussa. Tamira in the baseline. The first one to three. Leomardo to Chilwell. Here goes Albrighton. Chilwell who certainly chipped in during the title winning season. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Moussa. There you go. Chilwell. Chilwell. Worst time to bring him on. Out of corner. Mahrez will take. Holgate picking up Ulloa. In by Mahrez. Or he was by Ulloa. Leicester so close. They're cutting the deficit to one. They're going to have a free kick to keep the pressure on. What an impact that would have been. It's a brilliant ball in for Mahrez. We saw it with Morales for Jagielka's goals. Flat, pacey. Does he just slightly duck out of it? He makes clean contact on this. He scores. Holgate is marking him. Does he stay close enough to him? A firm header. And it would be 4-3. This should be their highlight today. wagons in hand. Go. 3-2. 4-3. and Park. Mahrez. It's Chilwell. Everton have called everyone back so Great water to settle for the throw though. Seen an improvement from his team. Partly down to their own efforts partly because Everton you know what we have we hold frame of mind or certainly more like that than what we've seen for the first hour of the game. Mahrez with those twinkling feet. Wrapped away by Gareth Barry. Once again Leighton Baines just about does enough just to get a touch on the cross the ball in for Mahrez but Mahrez and Moussa coming on have really livened Leicester up and since Everton scored that fourth goal they have steps off the gas and sat a lot deeper. Ten minutes to go. This was the last ten minutes. A real switch there but as I say Everton exactly inviting pressure but making sure they get men behind the ball and allowing Leicester to have possession in areas that perhaps are going to damage the prospects of the home side. The player across the face of Everton but with Ajour and Slimani. Look at that physicality, that aerial ability. So Leicester can't be shying. Whipping away from the ball. That's a good one. That's a good one. Swipping that ball into the box for those two. Up two. Slimani. Called even by Bobby Madly. Pretty lucky that Lukaku didn't make more of that. So many times you see defenders desperately trying to get to the ball. Trying to get to the ball they're going to have to go through the man and give it a free kick away. Well in the Premier League squad that was nominated. First half of the season. pillar Tierney 23 team in the Football League trophy. Moosa. Pennington. Leicester has got Moosa playing down the left side of the court. Love this shot. Lovely shot, three kinds have not been made. Two break, four and a half. So it's taken. Two more days to go. now so they haven't got that pace over the top so they service into Slimani and Ojoa has to be spot on spot on there was Jagioka's pick out of Lukaku King working hard to make sure Leicester don't finish the game like they started it two goals in the first ten minutes although they have conceded one by that stage here's Baines Barkley Murray's got to be careful he's on nine yellow cards this is the last day attempt booking would mean a two-match suspension match in the Premier League under that tariff and he is the most book player in Premier League history but that's because he's played almost the most games in Premier League history won every six this isn't too bad really when you think about it here's Moussa and it's out of the top of the league and he's got to be a bit more of a side issue really a revenge for the FA Cup exit Leicester were under Claudio Ranieri of course in January Lord Kenwright who lives and breathes Everton Football Club and never loses his concentration he's not banking on the winners like he may be a superfan but he has all those feelings of you know he's got to be a bit more of a super fan but he has all those feelings of he's not over till it's over Barry we can appreciate the sense of theatre that this game has brought to us all today Holgate Davis he's giving it away a little bit of fatigue maybe a little bit of feeling that the job might be done not quite this energetic not quite as accurate they've given the audience a glimpse of why Everton are pushing up from seventh place trying to get into top six top five top four might be two wins after that five top four might be two wins after that big an ask top six is gonna be a push it's just the fact that they're not in an ask for what games in the world as well yeah if anyone slips there giving notice they're around Barclay Chelsea players watching the management watching Chelsea fans watching thinking well we've got to come here Chelsea next Sunday Easter Sunday play at Old Trafford which you can watch with us there's still a twist or a turn been navigated for the silverware ends up in a captain's hands and by Moussa very just happy to sit between the two centre-backs Slimani and Marti Mahrez Boca and Rolando finally start this game with your weaker foot it's not always easiest thing to do at this stage the healthy the ball out there it's not directly not quite Rose edt was it morrow a A who said trying to prove that Carnoran Leighton 2015 a goal from this kind of restart Morales' head he's won a throw can lead to a corner and that can lead to a better chance Ujara made good contact with his first touch of the game in the previous corner this is where Everton do have to switch on defensively with Beneluan and who's coming up from the back and that's the goal here and it would be a nervy finale for the home team Morales and Ujara incredible fine margins corner again drink water good for that by Gellert Everton for the first time Everton for the first time can be in here if they play it right Morales Lukaku probably not quite sure whether that was a slip or a slice or a deflection it's a goal kick yeah Lamartine does really well because he stops Lukaku coming back in field he keeps him on the outside three Everton players in field Lukaku's looking to score himself Lamartine does well to keep him wide down the other end wonderful ball in from chicken it's fine loud kick it's、「 fl扭 it's sleeves chamores Judd the word color wow that was really relative the press Astrid who does not play earlier than three rounds 갔 zealot he was well backed there, but not far from Phoenix the first half of the season. He's got a lot of good players in the team. He's got a lot of good players in the team. It started with a Kevin Morales run. Coming to the end with him still running. The player has been in and out of the team. When he starts he's often substituted. Going the distance here. Man of the match Andy Hinchcliffe. Well not man of the match but what do you tell us is the man of the match? It's a very rare occurrence but Ross Barkley has been absolutely superb. Dominant performance. We need to see more and more of this type of performance from Ross Barkley. Huge influence on the game. The cross for Lukaku was outstanding as always. Consistency is his biggest battle. They only won 2-0 in Leicester did Everton. So they are a few moments away from their first league double incidentally. And they're doing it again. It's the defending champions here. If you want to round off a splendid sporting weekend you can do it. Watching our coverage of the last round of the Masters. From 6 Sky Sports 4. We'll be right back.