time in between All right, so started another one of the started another one of the first defensive header powered by Jackомap department Jagielka and it's not exactly a clash of heads but Schneidlin knocked to the ground actually holding his back. The problem here is that Schneidlin is looking to screen Slomani because Slomani is dropping off and looking to flick those balls on towards Jamie Vardy, put his gloves on, obviously feeling the cold. Well, to be fair, it's been a beautiful day until about kick-off time. Temperatures I'm sure above 20 degrees. But once the sun's gone in, a reminder of the time of year that it is. But he is the only player wearing gloves, isn't he? Yeah, they didn't have gloves on Morales and Huth, did they? Apart from the keepers, obviously. Here's Lukaku. Here's Lukaku. Here's Barkley. Yes, Barkley has to live with a huge sense of expectation about his play week in, week out. He's certainly delivering today. So Lukaku will tell you. And a beautiful back-heel by Lukaku. Cold game. Here is Barkley. He wasn't appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was appealing. He was sneakily appealing. He was checking early. How could he have done that? Can't tell who you've got toAh yes sure. Can you want te to make that CMB? Let him in. Let him in. How is he doing? I don't know. It's cool. Various England managers at different underage groups are queuing up for services. There is an under-21 tournament. He hasn't figured in that group yet. But keep playing Premier League football. Hayley Boothroyd is in charge of that. And we'll be bringing you that action actually on Sky Sports in June. You never know, it might feature Tom Davis. Tom Davis. Two-inch Michael's positioning. Means it's a comfortable save. Romane trying to flick it on. Craig Shakespeare. Craig Shakespeare. That 100% record isn't going to go on forever. But when he was 2-1 up with a quick turnaround. Obviously would have seen potential in getting something from this game. And that still exists even though they're 3-2 down. So well. Couldn't quite get that. Another young Englishman on view. Headed on by Lukaku. Morales. Davis. He might be able to let that run and get onto it. But Albrighton had other ideas. Interception by... It was a guy so good at reclaiming possession for Everton. Barkley. Gay. Slick again. Lukaku. That's just a little bit under here. But he might have made a bit more effort to get there. Barkley's looking incredibly sharp today. He's hardly giving the ball away at all. Barkley. Davis. King's challenge. Albrighton. Trying to play it forward early as Leicester love to do. But he had to come to feet that time. Here's Slimani. Deflected into the side netting. Not lucky here Leicester. But it's just a little bit under here. The wrong side of the post for them. Schneidlin's helping out defensively. Covers the ground to get back. That could easily have sneaked past the keeper at the near post. Morale went behind the goal at this end from a corner from this side. Lukaku. And... The line was up. Robert Hoots was... Trying to add to the couple of goals he scored at Goodison Park. And it's Stoke City. And it's Stoke City. And it's Stoke City. That's right where they needed him defensively. Drink water saying I'll have it. Leviton. And... Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. Leviton. higher line it's always risky against Leicester Slemani had it across goal towards Vardy forward by Holgate wasn't the worst ball to at least get his team up the pitch a bit of course with Vardy on the side they're looking to turn Everton but with Slemani in there as well ability to get hold of the ball as he's doing here he's the aerial ability to flip things on Tom Davis gave Patrick Davison a delightful pre-match interview smiles and genuine belief of the fairy tale that he's living out here engaging young man and he'll be giving plenty of chats to the media in the years to come I do think the more attacking role that's got in the side with Schneiderlin sitting a bit deeper Tom Davis could play there comfortably with his maturity in his range of passing but playing him further forward invites him to get on the ball make things happen at 18 years old it's hard to dominate games in the Premier League but he has the ability to do that it was a policy I think it turned out well he did notice to by the age that is Antoine Stile score as well as a single out mentioned well as a shot thấy from Idrissa Gueye it's not a lead to that do you feel Everton can rest on Schneidlin a bit disappointed though about eight minutes the second half and had a goal top of the shoulder by Joe Robles out of his eye line Davis Lukaku trying to stay with him Lukaku Everton Barclay Kingstackle and in too much of a hurry Barclay and Lukaku subject to some fear that they've been singled out after the latest trip to Anfield where Everton really weren't as competitive as they would have hoped to have been it was a collective shortfall just on the shoulders of two of their finer players Liverpool have done the double over them again this season but only Liverpool have won here in the Premier League 18 games just that one defeat and Arte did well because Morales was a great player almost in behind him and there's Schneidlin it's fair to say it's not a Pep Guardiola type of game I think they'll be watching on thinking this is absolutely horrendous neither side is absolutely dominating the ball Finkwater Vani chasing Pennington might have a problem here anyway much greater know-how and you know extra Saints Freddie Williams Dodgers and again. Just a move ahead of the opposition with the ball and without them. Holgate. Gay, Barkley. Davis always wanting to be involved. A good battle between Albright and the Banes. Here's Morales. Using that change of pace again, getting a corner out of it. And now scored Everton from corners in three consecutive Premier League matches. Another chance to rack up that stat here. Oh, you're a wide player. Isolated against a full back, you can't get a cross in, get the next best thing which is a set piece. Jagellka, Lukaku. 4-2 Everton. The set piece does the trick again. That's not exactly as it was set up to do. But that doesn't worry the boys in blue. It's poor again defensively from Leicester. Looked like Jagellka should score here. Doesn't make clean contact on it. And Robert Huth used to really throw himself at Lukaku. He was always going to shoot when the ball breaks his way. Just that lack of reaction. Far too easy for Lukaku to tuck it home. And that could be terminal now for Leicester. Again, really poor defensively from a set piece. Leicester not doing their jobs and the ball breaks, not reacting quickly enough for Lukaku. Well, he certainly did. He's on to the second ball to score his second goal and is 23rd in the Premier League this season. The only negative for Everton is... He's going to need more noughts on the contract. But I don't think it's about the money. It's about what Everton can deliver in terms of ambition and level of football there. Facing, of course, a team in the Champions League already in the quarter-final to come on Wednesday. And it's certainly in line with the rules. They're having their own European ambitions. Are you happier now, Mr Hinchcliffe? You've seen a goal in the second half. I just felt as though I was getting short-changed. You've gone every nine minutes in the first half and going to wait far too long. I know you have a voracious appetite for food. There's goals as well. Here's Barkley. HE CHUCKLES HE CHUCKLES MAKAKU ON A HAT-TRICK. HOLDGATE. A disconcerted Robert Hood. HOLDGATE DOES WELL TO GO IN AGAIN. DAVIS TRYING TO GET THERE, JUST BEATEN TO IT BY KING. HE CHUCKLES CHANGING THE FOOT FOR LESTER. HOLDGATE. HOLDGATE. AND CONGRATULATIONS TO RANG. RING WRAPPER. RING WRAPPER. RING WRAPPER. A HIT TO BARTY. A HIT TO BARTY. KING. HE'S GREAT. OK. DRIVE WATER. HE FIRED IN TO BARTY. HE FIRED IN TO BARTY. PENNINGTON'S DONE WELL AGAINST THE INDIAN STRIKER. PENNINGTON'S DONE WELL AGAINST THE INDIAN STRIKER. holds off with the real battle of strength Bobby Madley shakes his head who'd won the battle of strength that time Everton are winning the war an hour gone Bobby Madley feels that Solakaku went to ground far too easily coming up number 22, Damari Gray it's time for Riyad Mahrez one of those who were left at the start but half an hour of action here Damari Gray who set up Somali for Leicester's first goal Wednesday in my doubt, Ahmed Moussa who came on and scored twice in the FA Cup came in January, he's had a difficult week a brush with the law but it's enough for Craig Shakespeare to take him out of selection consideration it's very important for Leicester to get the ball into the feet of Riyad Mahrez he's playing on that right hand side Albrighton switched over to the left but Leighton Baines has been booked so we get Mahrez on the ball running at the left back could be problems for him Mahrez who got two goals, both penalties incidentally in Leicester's 3-2 win here last season in the Premier League and now in the Premier League it is extraordinary how a throwing on the half-way line can evoke such emotions it always does Moosa away. Here's Barkley. Ball for Orphan. Just needs to be a little bit wider. Yes, Michael will get there. Barkley hopes evaporated. That's what the carpe does so well. Mixes his game up. He drops short. It's the ball into his feet. He loves to spin. The shoulder of defenders. So hard to defend against. And that by Darrell. Bounty played by Bobby Madley. May well revisit Andy King. Lukaku's Latin as well. But Everton still have the ball. Lukaku. Can he see a gap for the shot? And he couldn't. They couldn't find the pass for a willing ally that Kevin Morales has been today. And here's Riyad Mahrez. And they try to meet fire with fire. It's a free kick to Leicester. Bobby Madley will be having a look. Oh, Andy King. Bobby Madley as well is trying to let the game flow as much as possible. It's a late challenge from King. It is a yellow card. He was up and got on with the game. So the referee did the right thing. Everton still in possession. Everton. But it is. It's a Leicester free kick. Taken by Morales. Can't get the range. Barkley. Barkley. Mention that 6-3 against Bournemouth. Lukaku's got four in that, of course. five to six, and there was a good tonight. negotiating a very good performance that we must worry about. We tend to do a broad test if we are going to see any yesterday. We will have something like on Friday with the Kyries unfair and really sad timing because we're very good tonight. Moussa it's all more than a quarter of the game to go and score two in quick succession in the first half Leicester certainly might be in the white shirts but there's no white flag from them as yet Mahrez see quite so many of the long throws these days but Moussa has a go by Jagielka Drinkwater now Marti another weak cross by Moussa I think turned out to be a pass from Mahrez but here comes Barca Barca on the charge Albrighton giving chase Pennington learning with every minute plenty of experiences in the Premier League alongside Jagielka is an enormous help as well because Jagielka will be constantly talking to him pushing and pulling him around and the young players important to learn with the senior pros shape for the long throw but Montes Limani nicely works Moussa's cross Leicester desperately trying to raise their game Mahrez another one Moussa on the head Jaskin Barclays' head to reach Chilwell Albrighton Robles comes wasn't decisive Moussa that was just a lack of communication more than anything else between Robles and Jagielka as that ball is floated in the Keeper a nice clear shot just come and catch it there should be any problem that was just a lack of communication more than anything else between Robles and Jagielka as that ball is floated in the Keeper Gareth Barry ready Lukaku Davis was possessed by Drinkwater now Mahrez on the right put all the left foot King Chilwell early maybe effectively for Albrighton Pennington was up to the task Albrighton again that was up hundredth game for Leicester today for Mark Albrighton pretty eventful times as he came here or came to Leicester from Aston Villa title win of course the season before the great escape not quite as dramatic this time around but it I think it will be an escape despite what's happening here eight points ahead of the relegation zone at the moment that was the capability by his favour disrupted that a battlefield was reaching far and wide Parvati could have been that Kerry ijke 87 Stamford last number to be careful who's got to be careful michael has to be decisive which he was chillwell did really well how many full backs around on the cover would have slid in there trying to pinch the ball he just stayed on his feet he's never going to make the challenge and just by staying on his feet and having them to win the ball back mares fed by drink water in a real ebb and flow to the game um to be acquired since then lukaku who might be the player going off barry coming on marty trying to give morales a taste of his own medicine everton can make their change inside the last 20 minutes and the first choice again after his disappointing first half of the season with manchester united and the old man of the premier league is on again game six two three chasing ryan gig six three two all-time appearance record since the restructuring of the leagues late two years ago mclaren with a spot on 20 to 24 and big lakera going to park fasting this weekend pitbull أذфن ultral ваш all was him more in Everton's play about we think we might be able to hold on to this they're just sitting a little bit deeper that's why Leicester in any comfortable possession here to play on the counter attack with a good work their openings it they're usually all about King virus of course he's probably more known for the attacking side of this game is 49 Premier League assists which takes him beyond even and the Hedgecliff what a player he must be it's interesting the way Everton been using Ross Barkley recently and is a third member of a three-man attacking force some into the areas where he can make chances and take them although the best chances had couldn't quite convert the first half but it led to the corner that led to Everton's third goal Frank water giving and going King not too impressed with the Marty's lack of control there that's Leo you show up to play for Leicester since the FA Cup game here through injury one or two things said that perhaps see regrets during the January transfer window wanting a move have been forgotten and forgiven well privy to the innermost thoughts of the coaches at Leicester clerk Nick Warner now tank watz to fullbacks and Baines has handled him well. Chilwell. Moussa. Brighton. Good cross through the ball. Moisted forward by Morales. Looking at Mahrez, so four Mahrez at every opportunity last there. Slimani. King. But lucky that bounced back his way off the gate. Lamati. Leicester City probing. Fifteen minutes left. 4-2 down at Goodison Park. Chilwell. Not throwing in the towel. Drink water. Slimani. Missing by Idrissa Gueye. He is in the Angola content mode, isn't he? Here's Moussa though. Aguilera won't get there. Moussa wins a corner. This is what Leicester are going to have to do. Just take their time and pick their forward passes carefully. It's Jagielka who got dragged into a wide area there. Couldn't get close enough to Moussa. Good movement from the striker. He has got that pace of running behind defendors. There's Moussa. Tamira in the baseline. The first one to three. Leomardo to Chilwell. Here goes Albrighton. Chilwell who certainly chipped in during the title winning season. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Chilwell, Chilwell, Chilwell. Moussa. There you go. Chilwell. Chilwell. Worst time to bring him on. Out of corner. Mahrez will take. Holgate picking up Ulloa. In by Mahrez. Or he was by Ulloa. Leicester so close. They're cutting the deficit to one. They're going to have a free kick to keep the pressure on. What an impact that would have been. It's a brilliant ball in for Mahrez. We saw it with Morales for Jagielka's goals. Flat, pacey. Does he just slightly duck out of it? He makes clean contact on this. He scores. Holgate is marking him. Does he stay close enough to him? A firm header. And it would be 4-3. This should be their highlight today. wagons in hand. Go. 3-2. 4-3. and Park. Mahrez. It's Chilwell. Everton have called everyone back so Great water to settle for the throw though. Seen an improvement from his team. Partly down to their own efforts partly because Everton you know what we have we hold frame of mind or certainly more like that than what we've seen for the first hour of the game. Mahrez with those twinkling feet. Wrapped away by Gareth Barry. Once again Leighton Baines just about does enough just to get a touch on the cross the ball in for Mahrez but Mahrez and Moussa coming on have really livened Leicester up and since Everton scored that fourth goal they have steps off the gas and sat a lot deeper. Ten minutes to go. This was the last ten minutes. A real switch there but as I say Everton exactly inviting pressure but making sure they get men behind the ball and allowing Leicester to have possession in areas that perhaps are going to damage the prospects of the home side. The player across the face of Everton but with Ajour and Slimani. Look at that physicality, that aerial ability. So Leicester can't be shying. Whipping away from the ball. That's a good one. That's a good one. Swipping that ball into the box for those two. Up two. Slimani. Called even by Bobby Madly. Pretty lucky that Lukaku didn't make more of that. So many times you see defenders desperately trying to get to the ball. Trying to get to the ball they're going to have to go through the man and give it a free kick away. Well in the Premier League squad that was nominated. First half of the season. pillar Tierney 23 team in the Football League trophy. Moosa. Pennington. Leicester has got Moosa playing down the left side of the court. Love this shot. Lovely shot, three kinds have not been made. Two break, four and a half. So it's taken. Two more days to go. now so they haven't got that pace over the top so they service into Slimani and Ojoa has to be spot on spot on there was Jagioka's pick out of Lukaku King working hard to make sure Leicester don't finish the game like they started it two goals in the first ten minutes although they have conceded one by that stage here's Baines Barkley Murray's got to be careful he's on nine yellow cards this is the last day attempt booking would mean a two-match suspension match in the Premier League under that tariff and he is the most book player in Premier League history but that's because he's played almost the most games in Premier League history won every six this isn't too bad really when you think about it here's Moussa and it's out of the top of the league and he's got to be a bit more of a side issue really a revenge for the FA Cup exit Leicester were under Claudio Ranieri of course in January Lord Kenwright who lives and breathes Everton Football Club and never loses his concentration he's not banking on the winners like he may be a superfan but he has all those feelings of you know he's got to be a bit more of a super fan but he has all those feelings of he's not over till it's over Barry we can appreciate the sense of theatre that this game has brought to us all today Holgate Davis he's giving it away a little bit of fatigue maybe a little bit of feeling that the job might be done not quite this energetic not quite as accurate they've given the audience a glimpse of why Everton are pushing up from seventh place trying to get into top six top five top four might be two wins after that five top four might be two wins after that big an ask top six is gonna be a push it's just the fact that they're not in an ask for what games in the world as well yeah if anyone slips there giving notice they're around Barclay Chelsea players watching the management watching Chelsea fans watching thinking well we've got to come here Chelsea next Sunday Easter Sunday play at Old Trafford which you can watch with us there's still a twist or a turn been navigated for the silverware ends up in a captain's hands and by Moussa very just happy to sit between the two centre-backs Slimani and Marti Mahrez Boca and Rolando finally start this game with your weaker foot it's not always easiest thing to do at this stage the healthy the ball out there it's not directly not quite Rose edt was it morrow a A who said trying to prove that Carnoran Leighton 2015 a goal from this kind of restart Morales' head he's won a throw can lead to a corner and that can lead to a better chance Ujara made good contact with his first touch of the game in the previous corner this is where Everton do have to switch on defensively with Beneluan and who's coming up from the back and that's the goal here and it would be a nervy finale for the home team Morales and Ujara incredible fine margins corner again drink water good for that by Gellert Everton for the first time Everton for the first time can be in here if they play it right Morales Lukaku probably not quite sure whether that was a slip or a slice or a deflection it's a goal kick yeah Lamartine does really well because he stops Lukaku coming back in field he keeps him on the outside three Everton players in field Lukaku's looking to score himself Lamartine does well to keep him wide down the other end wonderful ball in from chicken it's fine loud kick it's、「 fl扭 it's sleeves chamores Judd the word color wow that was really relative the press Astrid who does not play earlier than three rounds 갔 zealot he was well backed there, but not far from Phoenix the first half of the season. He's got a lot of good players in the team. He's got a lot of good players in the team. It started with a Kevin Morales run. Coming to the end with him still running. The player has been in and out of the team. When he starts he's often substituted. Going the distance here. Man of the match Andy Hinchcliffe. Well not man of the match but what do you tell us is the man of the match? It's a very rare occurrence but Ross Barkley has been absolutely superb. Dominant performance. We need to see more and more of this type of performance from Ross Barkley. Huge influence on the game. The cross for Lukaku was outstanding as always. Consistency is his biggest battle. They only won 2-0 in Leicester did Everton. So they are a few moments away from their first league double incidentally. And they're doing it again. It's the defending champions here. If you want to round off a splendid sporting weekend you can do it. Watching our coverage of the last round of the Masters. From 6 Sky Sports 4. We'll be right back. from the back of a six game winning sequence of their own their last six matches here's Lamsamani one of the new recruits for the busier schedule this season involving a European football the referee let it go talk about local heroes a fantastic piece of counter-attacking football a brilliant piece of refereeing as well for the course or the back here let's go Lester very poor from the kickoff to be caught at the back like this Davis does the right thing he backs up Morales there's the foul the referee lets play go on and sucks away brilliantly by the youngster a whirlwind of a start from the home side here in Leicester but simply blown away Davis did really well to keep pace with Morales and that's what you get for sensing the moment talk about a big future he's not doing bad in the present it's that maturity that uncertainty understanding many young players would have just stopped their run and allowed Morales to actually do all the work himself but Davis kept on going just in case anything broke that maturity this season from Tom Davis has been outstanding his second senior goal though first was in a 4-0 win however Manchester City here a result that's a reminder to all and sundry that Everton at Goodison Park sometimes too hot to handle and Chelsea still have to play here here's Lukaku here's Lukaku Barclay Davis here's Baines so when you make many changes Andy of course you hope to bet into a game without this happening to you but Leicester already on the back foot to concede a goal from great Shakespeare's point of view from having the kickoff dropping the ball out of play okay the ball is out of play but it's so high up the field that you've got a chance to set yourself defensively and be prepared for Everton coming back at you they simply weren't they got overrun here's Holgate Lukaku and Morales there's been a thorn in Leicester side in recent Premier League games he's scored in the last three games well he's a lucky boy here because he doesn't actually appreciate the run of Kevin Morales off his shoulder just the bounce of the ball it gets away from Morales but good movement off the ball from the wide man it's a full back you've got to open your body up and appreciate the move and Morales is actually making him behind you watch the ball he's dead in the water well he spent Wednesday night in between Mesut Kante and Guardiola as the fourth official at Stamford Bridge thank you glad after that to be out in the middle and he's shown superb judgment in the opening seconds of the game here's Baines Lukaku Baines there was a feeling in the Everton camp that if they made a fast start they could really unhinge this much altered Leicester line up and it's a good thing that they did that in the first half of the season and here's Demaree Gray trying to reply in the kind of Morales Slimani is free he's in he's equalised well what a game we've got on our hands here pace and penetration at the end of the pace a goal apiece in four minutes right it's a typical Leicester goal but Morgan Schneidling goes to ground here he's holding midfield as the ball breaks in stay on your feet stay with your man once you go to ground and allow a the Leicester players to break beyond you you're in big trouble I just thought the pass wasn't going to actually come towards Slimani eventually it did he would have been happy of maybe taking it first time has to take a touch but he keeps the ball really close to his feet that means he can tuck it under the goalkeeper Everton caught short at the back Leicester sweeping down the field and equalising incredible start to the game that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester and that's the first time he's scored in an away game since joining Leicester Jagielka well it was 1-1 Everton's last game it took till the 94th 95th minute for the second goal of course they conceded to Ibrahimovic's penalty so close to beating Manchester United on Tuesday and going above them in the table they would have done had that been the case Jagielka who plays the pass got their goal Slimani has got a goal for Leicester here and that is a really tidy finish but again looking at Schneidlin's role in that Leicester counter attack he's the deepest line of the central three for Everton you've got Gueye pushing on Davis pushing on so important that Schneidlin doesn't get bypassed that's exactly what happened Gueye, Barkley, Gueye comes out to Davis Barkley and Everton enigma at times Gueye Lukaku Barkley always preferring to work it onto his right foot it's a throw not the free kick that Barkley was hoping for across goes Ben Chilwell and you can see Leicester defensively two solid banks of force Slimani dropping on Vardy to be the extra member of the central midfield as well so very hard for Everton to play through them they've got to be patient I guess the clock is ticking for this wonderful ground one of the stately homes of English football and Everton now having had a site allocated for them for a new home they've been playing here since 1892 where they had a lot of trouble when they left the last ground which is called Anfield and to fill the void of an empty stadium they created Liverpool FC Evertonians have been regretting that move ever since here's Gueye so Schneidlin Holgate able to line up across here goes in low comes out to Barkley Davis trying to tee up Morales well they played here in the third round the FA Cup it's like a cup tie at the moment and Everton scored first in that one too and lost 2-1 here's Morales Barkley I think they're reluctant to play it inarily with the likes of Robert Huth to head it away as he did powerfully then a breathless start Ronald Koeman who is very adept at keeping his cool must be churning a bit inside Craig Shakespeare this management game so taking to it in goes Benelouane hit back by Drinkwater well earlier in the season conceding such an early goal might well have flattened Leicester not in this part of the campaign they've rediscovered their resolve Jamie Vardy is epitomising that he's blocked off Brad Pennington and if you're Pennington has to learn a lesson very early here you can't dwell on the ball when Jamie Vardy is around he will close you down he'll pinch you back and he'll look to commit you that was a brilliant little turn from Vardy and pretty clear obstruction he's got to get the ball in Mark Albrighton in charge of the delivery he's got to beat the park at the near post he's bringing that front screen for Everton Huth and Slimani main men in the air oh it's gone straight in and Leicester lead Mark Albrighton with the free kick that has flown past Joel Robles three goals of Goodison Park three goals of Goodison Park inside ten minutes and two of them against Everton I think the reaction of the Everton goalkeeper tells you absolutely everything I'm sure he's anticipating the ball into the box so he's taking a step as if he's got to come and try and deal with maybe the cross doesn't get himself set in terms of his position in the goal so then when the ball is actually on target he's absolutely nowhere near it he's got it horribly wrong I think he's actually slightly over hit by Albrighton he's not looking to score he's looking to whip it into the box the keeper makes a mess of it and it's not a good time and not a good time and it's not a good time it's a remarkable statistic it's a remarkable statistic to add to Slimani's first ever away goal for the club to add to Slimani's first ever away goal for the club when it's going your way and Jake Shakespeare's Leicester just taken the first punch and come back with a couple of their own if you look where the free kick has been taken from and the size of Joel Robles he must be six foot four six foot five he shouldn't be being beaten from there he shouldn't be being beaten from there mate and he doesn't have the best of times at Anfield last weekend Munster looking to spring forward again Pennington Pennington did score in the Derby second set was is a tight in the starting six paid A hooves in whole bag before backs will try and push them gave had a call chance to extend this remarkable start to the game back by Jagielka in comes Davis Morales trying to stand it up towards Lukaku who's kept it in but really only that then very tight on Vardy Jagielka one of the most extraordinary starts to a Premier League game I think I've seen all season not just the fact we've had the goals but just that the tempo that the game has been played at frantic in a word yeah you can almost forget the tactics and the team selections it's two sets of 11 going head-to-head at each other there's no better site so you mentioned the Everton fullbacks pushing for them that is a big feature of their play normally Seamus Coleman will be doing that with his injury it's up to Mason Holgate so Baines will push on as well the two central midfielders will push on ahead of Schneidlin that's dangerous against Leicester we've seen it already on the counter-attack we've got your two centre-halves and one holding midfielder that's what Leicester are looking to take advantage of well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions they lost four games in a row and they're still in the lead so that's a big thing for Leicester. Well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions and they lost four games in a row so that's a big thing for Leicester. well you have to take into account the number of games where Leicester have been in winning positions and they lost four games in a row so that's a big thing for Leicester. before this sequence of five successive Premier League victories of the change of management we've got Claudia Ranieri coming on our Monday night football to analyze everything over the weekend very interesting to get his take on what we've seen so far and what's so likely to follow here's a great kicked away by Joel Robles and as far as chill well Andy King the challenge to influence the proceedings in midfield Schneidlin and he's got a new deal and he's got a new deal still Everton's throw always ready when called upon Andy King always ready when called upon Andy King a stalwart of Leicester's style of play. Seharov Jr. and it's because the W tejizz against Brighton against Brighton even put down Ritor antib Shit even did not get the ball even did not get the ball Paul ait take the ball against Bryant to Mars Lester this is a big one so needs it time to go on players that sense of 44 copies out the picture that's the uncomplicated style that Lester have reverted to rediscovered Caspish Michael realizing that ever to my jet to drop their concentration Friday he'll chase anything the game here last even finished 3-2 to Lester Wars days get every right to to challenge for that ball he raised down there's no swing elbow it's not a foul it's just accidental Baines Marty Tom by O'Brighton Jackie Elka stepping in drink water it's a risky ball across for Holgate with grey lurking back on his feet comes and gets the ball does a lot of fetching and carrying Lukaku Lukaku and he's been playing with Wes Morgan still out with a back problem nicely done by Bartlett Morales Bames, Lukaku is on the move over him and will be retrieved by Damari Gray good piece of defending there from Robert Huth he knew the cross was going to come in he was touched tight with Lukaku there's no way the striker was going to get to that ball first even if it landed right on his head Pennington there tight old man he was tight on Vardy but he didn't give it up to his recent club goals of course he scored impressively as a substitute England against Lithuania and he is a streak scorer at times a streak non-scorer but when he gets going again just as if something works for him that perhaps other strikers would love to have he's in the end safely leaving it to Davis Amati Davis is a real sign yet of the game settling to a more considered pace only one in a hurry to play their passes Schneidlin more thoughtful Barkley Holgate deciding just to try and whip it in but not very successfully it's pretty clear that Everton are going to dominate possession but they've got to be patient with the ball not try and force it forward too quickly try and play those killer passes every time they have it they've got to work their openings Koja Gjelke had a spell of poor form himself earlier in the season but has worked his way back into the team like the XI of the season and he's a very consistent professional that he is Barkley Holgate trying to set off from right back as you say Andy Seamus Coleman style we wish him the most rapid of recoveries from that terrible injury playing for the Republic of Ireland what's going to happen of course with Holgate pushing on providing the width down the right we're going to see Ross Barkley coming into more central areas like this to try and influence the game and it's a very good start and it's a very good start and it's a very good start for the team and it's a very good start for the team and it's a very good start for the team Holgate it came from Barnsley the same route as John Stones who of course has moved on to Manchester City and some profit for Everton and some profit for Everton Baines Davis Holgate Fante and Everton Blue in the middle quite sure what he saw there quite sure what he saw there it's a little give and go Mason Holgate rolls the ball into him he's just trying to lay that ball off there's too much on it of course for Lukaku it is all about his goals but his link play absolutely vital when you're the lone striker the big target man that has to be absolutely spot on just overcooks it we've had a handful of early goals here Everton are specialists at getting late ones and they're not going to be able to get away with it they're going to have to call upon that particular attribute Marti one of a number of players that has to use at the start of the season to to Chelsea to Chelsea Chilwell goes across Chilwell goes across some talk a while back when Chilwell might be playing his football here on Merseyside a lot of interest from Liverpool before really he was tested in Leicester's first team Leicester's first team as you've seen and you know we've seen the of the of the of of the of of of top quality the delivery and the header Romelu Lukaku extends his wonderful scoring streak here in home games and in the Premier League in general this is one of the crosses of the season from a player, I said he needs to influence the game more it is quite brilliant Robert Huth gets caught ball watching, he's no idea that Lukaku is at his back Ross Barkley doesn't get any better than that it's a dream really for a centre forward the ball's in front of him, he can time his run he can have a look at Schmeichel and he was never going to miss but it's all about the ball in from Barkley that is simply sensational Lukaku scores in 8 successive home games in all competitions the best done by an Everton player since 1965 and Fred Pickering managed it in 8 games in a row 64-64 65 no wonder they've got that big deal on the table for him would have been surprised if he missed that opportunity but again Ross Barkley, how many players in wide areas trying to pick people out, be too precise he plays that ball into space, the space that he expects Lukaku to move into that is why it's so brilliant and this is why the Premier League is so brilliant you could make a case for not so much to play for here over time the Prince of问 additional any nine that's all items 評 jao t Bagøy too for Kylian Mourne Cruyff nervous Farhe особенно at this time of the match so far as Bhar llamado licenses to kalishyn highlighting a huge accomplishment forpressurising hard work won by James Choi rather than the shooting Braves力ci to be und SNAP a few negative thoughts so far Jack Elkis back pass but he was under pressure Brighton's intersection I don't know how much intent there was by Leighton Baines there certainly interrupted the chance for Brighton to get beyond it quite a tricky call for Bobby Madley this I'm afraid he's just given himself some time to have a little look at it have a think about it he's slightly late, he certainly catches O'Brien it's only too malicious isn't it he just actually leaves that left leg there for O'Brien to fall over I'm sure it's only going to be just a word what is he supposed to do? fucking disappear! well of course Albrighton's goal didn't come from in the penalty area lovely take by Gray just feel Damari Gray is on the verge of being right up there with a Premier League best take it once every time a signing from Birmingham City of course he was a super boy there a big point for Damari Gray was actually getting into the side of course with Mahrez and Albrighton being so successful in that title-winning season he's just actually getting games it was his problem he's just getting more now Morales away to Davis by Albrighton attacking Morales Davis Barkley I think we've all had to be careful with the challenge Hoof has now nobsenced through the clearance 2-2 1-1 1-1 we just sense the players are enjoying it as much as we are and maybe not all the defenders Robert Hoof I'm happy to hack that one away I suppose we shouldn't be too surprised that the goals have gone in between these two sides the last eight Premier League games between them 30 goals have gone in so should have not expected it at kick-off 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 some of the understandable support here maybe it just crossed the barrier to inappropriate language if you picked up something that's offensive we do apologise and a little bit of inappropriate behaviour here it's more than possible that it's not going to be a good one for them more than verbal 2-1 Kevin Morales is a big lad you're going to pick on anyone you're going to pick on someone bigger than yourself 2-1 Morales has tried to disappear from the scene of the crime Morales is clearly unhappy he'd gone infield and Leicester players were nibbling away at him he clearly feels that they overstepped the mark 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 2-1 Sales go in it looks like Morris of Cardiff that was D formulation Napoli and here's Gueye Jagielka in by Baines just down by Lukaku bit narrow for Ayrton down although Holgate was getting free and right back but they were close enough to goal to think about breaking the central route it's very congested but they can get a decent ball into Lukaku very important and Everton try and play with as much width as they can get their full backs forward get crosses in Vardy trying to anticipate read the mind of Phil Jagielka Monday night football comes from Southhurst Park Crystal Palace against Arsenal both clubs with plenty to play for Claudio Ranieri in the studio to analyse the events there and what the Premier League has produced this weekend however he says it, it will be charming Barclay Schneiderlin right against Leicester in the Community Shield back in August a late substitute for Manchester United all being surplus to the Marino requirements here Barclay Holgate Ayrton's throw that's the kind of dominant driving performance we're seeing here from Ross Barclay and the strings want to see more of that from him Lukaku Baines Leicester can nick it the counter attack might be on Drinkwater probably Madly looking to say he's going to blow the whistle then but decided not to free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour and a free kick in Leicester's favour No half an hour half an hour half an hour Fast and furious and Block And than Fours goals the ball to the right of the ball to the left of the ball and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air and the ball is in the air Come on. Nobody recognising that Come on. Nobody recognising that Come on. Nobody recognising that Crinshman needs to be controlled Crinshman needs to be controlled Crinshman needs to be controlled a little bit more. a little bit more. a little bit more. Holgate, Holgate, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, Pulau Mat, I'm trying to block the cross I'm trying to block the cross хороший Mane, precisely, precisely, strongly entitled internally entitled 未 silonaw Rick will stay I'd appreciate the overlapping run of the full-back, but stay with him, he doesn't do that, he's always playing catch-up. Oh, no. Oh, no. Hockey, it'll be a short corner, a penalty corner. Unusual position to get a delivery like this in football. What has Ross Barton got in mind for Everton? Hard and low towards Morales. Leighton Baines, get it onto his left foot. Davis. Chagilka, slow to get in. And Kasper Schmeichel. First thought, to look long, but there was nothing on. And the ball is in. And the ball is in. And the ball is in. And the tempo of this game has been terrific. And the forward thinking of both teams. I know Leicester have had much less of the ball, but that is the game that they've regained in recent weeks. Slimani. Corner off, Jack Elfrey wasn't under too much pressure. A little bit annoyed with himself, but he didn't just cushion that and clear it. He's pulled out the best that Leicester could hope for here, because Slimani had only Vardy in the penalty. A terrain fault. Leicester midfielders weren't making up the ground, so they'll take the set piece. Good. Good. He was actually the furthest forward, so Kasper Schmeichel on the ground, where his father scored a Premier League goal. Peter, the uninitiated, was a goalkeeper. For the one or two of you who don't know that. He scored here for Aston Villa against Everton. He was quite far enough forward, Kasper, then, to make it a family double. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Goal. Okay, made it his. Morales. So, really, I think we should credit for starting it off with that bold break that led to Tom Davies' opening goal. And here he goes again, the Belgian. Okay. Barkley. Good anticipation. Andy King with a block. Morales. Lukaku. On the burst, but not on the target. He should be doing a lot better. He's done all the hard work. He knows he can not have a position on his favourite left foot. Good run off the ball from Hogan, just to open up a bit of space for Lukaku. Once he gets past Chilwell, it's just about composure. Just pass it towards that far post. Just leaning back slightly, too much power in it. That's why it's way wider the target. He's chasing a record held by a great Dixie Dean. 12 home games in a row he's scored in, back in the 1930s. Slimani. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. Chilwell. There's a good flexibility in the effort to see players pop up in a variety of positions. Lukaku going from centre forward out wide, making things happen. Morales and Barfi. coming in field into central area so they're always giving Leicester back force something to think about just got there first and fairly Davis trying to buy Leicester a bit of time here okay Jagielka encouraged to come forward Morales Davis now the teenager doesn't panic under pressure Bartlett can Everton get back in front before half time and on a mission here on Merseyside Morales on his mission Gay, Barkley, Gay deflected corner and the ball really is zipping about very hard for Kasper Speichel to get himself set here he's never really sure when the shot is going to come in then there's a deflection but easily dribbled into the far corner and then the ball is in the back of the net and then the ball is in the back of the net whenios Grant running a bit of a long quartet slip there oils Rotwang balls footmark sanfranco reflects on how he didn't devour that chance. An extraordinary piece of goalkeeping from Schmeichel. Tom Davis showing he can tackle as well, he's certainly onside, Barclay, looks like he's done everything right. But Schmeichel just to make it a yard up, so when he dies he gets his fingertips on the ball, brilliant stop. Another Everton corner. APPLAUSE Phil Jagielka scores for the second game in a row, and Everton lead for the second time in this extraordinary third half. Schmeichel stops Barclay scoring, but no-one from Leicester can stop Phil Jagielka. This is how you take a set-piece, it's flat, it's pacey, Schmeichel can't come off his line and deal with it. There's a composed header from Jagielka, doesn't try and batter it towards the goal, the pace is on the ball, just redirects it. There's nothing Schmeichel can do about this, it's a brilliant ball in for Morales, and once Jagielka gets on the move in between Leicester players, they have got a major problem. It's a brilliant set-piece goal. I think it's fair to say that this sporting weekend up here in the city of Liverpool didn't stop when they roared home the winner of the Grand National. This is grand and it's international. It's the Premier League, and it's Everton 3, Leicester 2. And there's still four minutes to go to half-time. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE PARTY CHANTING Vardy, Gray trying to get away, Parrington, trying to earn his spurs at this level. He's not as far forward as Tom Davies or Mason Holgate, but he's getting chances because of the indisposition of others. PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING PARTY CHANTING It's probably a good thing that Ashley Williams isn't playing today. He really fell out big time with Leicester when he was at Swansea. Particularly Riyad Mahrez. And Wallace. Now Gray. And Leicester come again. Amati. All Brighton. Slimani. Big danger in the air to Everton. Frustrating it is to be a goalkeeper. Who performs miracles here. Cash Miss Michael to keep out Ross Barkley. Just takes that extra step. Long reach. It looked like Barkley was going to tuck it home. And his defenders go to sleep on the set piece. It's a wonderful ball in for Morales. He's pinned on his goal line. He's hoping his defenders will help him out. And they don't. And Everton take the lead. Ben Elouan. Headed on by Slimani. Taken on by Gray. But he can't slide it through to Vardy. It's probably only right that maybe Everton go in at half time leading. Because since Leicester took the lead, it's been all about Everton. They dominated possession. They created the best opportunities they have. Looked the most threatening. And they finally got their noses in front. And they have a man who thinks it's nil-nil. Or his team's cruising. The rest of us have got hairs up on the back of our necks, I can tell you. It's been mesmerising. Just wonder from Koeman's point of view. It's great, of course, you've scored three. But will he be happy that his team have conceded two? You're absolutely right, Andy. But he's not showing that. He's the Iceman. You have a card, because of course there was a previous... incident involving Leighton Baines that he got away with. That's what it's all about. The referee's probably saying that to him. He caught Albrighton earlier. And if he warns you then you do it again, I'm gonna put you... This is real dangerous. Set-pieces with Albrighton stood over them. Robles made a mess of the last one. He's gonna get his positioning sorted out now. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! A little bit breezier here at Goodison as the... temperatures have dropped later in the day in by Albrighton. Panning in Slomani. In the nooks. That's a brilliant defensive header from... Phil Jagielka as well. Wonderful ball in from Albrighton, but it's Jagielka who... Can't make it.