who thought Middlesbrough last week would hold Arsenal to a draw at the Emirates so things can happen and something's got to change for Sunderland pretty quickly or else they really will get caught adrift at the bottom of the table I think it's always a question of starting right, good habits, start quickly set the tone for Sunderland the way you mean to go on they've dropped points against Middlesbrough, the only points that Arsenal have lost since the opening weekend of the season and they've won six of their last seven games in the Premier League Sunderland's confidence obviously fragile at the moment Van Aanholt here, apart from Defoe is the only Sunderland player who's actually scored in the Premier League this season and of course they've been leaking goals as well and fortunate to see Sanchez signalled there Sunderland Sunderland a bit of a nervous one from Jordan Pickford certainly the arm goes up from Sanchez and he hurts it in the process but the start the keeper would have wanted not the start he would have wanted either, Sanchez still feeling the pain of that handball another touch for Pickford who came in at the start of the season when he was in the first half of the season Peter Maloney was injured and he's done very well he made his debut against Arsenal in fact in an FA Cup tie last season Arsenal do have a very impressive record against Sunderland just one defeat in their last 25 meetings in the Premier League and they've won four of their last five visits here at the Stadium of Light and then he wins it back and then gives it away to PDA and Don Van Aanholt and Chelsea now kicking out with Rodwell and the flag has gone up for offside on the far side against Duncan Watmore they have to go back 17 years to find the last team who started as badly as Sunderland in the Premier League at the Sheffield Wednesday and in that campaign they went on to be ready and gave it it's almost a familiar situation of course for Sunderland they won't be able to win it again they seem to start every season badly and then pick up maybe the opposite to the trend that Arsenal have shown in recent years Adam yeah but how many times can you do it thank you Sunderland I've had a couple of miracle rescue situations Tony stepping in Conway underneath the clearance probably been the most consistent defender that Sunderland have had this season I mean you know Conway he's got a lot of good players and Bobby Noy sees him as a potential future captain of the side John O'Shea alongside him wears the armband at the moment Elneny getting Arsenal moving forward Oxlade-Chamberlain he's been in terrific form in the matches he's featured in recently scored both goals in the League Cup victory over Reading in midweek yeah I think these Sunderland lads they're going to have to lift the crowd it's uh the noisiest atmosphere within here David Moyes' players gonna set the tone give those fans something to shout about Sanchez giving the bearing down the right and he's got plenty of room the former Barcelona man gets his cross in early Oxlade-Chamberlain is the highest to reach it that's a good opportunity for Oxlade-Chamberlain a good ball for him to attack how much space has he got here Bellarine to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in and he's got to pick his spot and he gets a run on Jano Shaw who just does enough to stop Oxlade-Chamberlain getting a clean contact on it he knows it's a chance he's actually scored in each of the last three games he's started there's a Dershaw at the first corner of the game now for Arsenal dropped it a little short the foe looks up and there is absolutely no one ahead of him so in almost inevitable fashion Arsenal regain possession of the referee Martin Atkinson has stopped play for this injury problem here well he thinks he's been he's been top there Steven Pienaar it's just on the follow through from Francis Coquelin I don't think there's any intent there it's a good tackle initially already had his injury problems this season the South African started the last Premier League game against West Ham and then was used as a late substitute against Southampton in the League Cup in midweek a player that David Moyes has signed would you believe no fewer than five times in his managerial career well the experience lads for Sunderland are important today and he's one of the most important players in the league today and he's one of the most important players in the league today and he's one of the most important players in the league today John O'Shea another trying to steer himself out of this situation people that know the Premier League really well I've seen his best days 34 now Pienaar but he's a very talented lad just chucking a little gingerly down the near touchline as the referee restarts play with the drop ball Defoe returning the ball to Petr Cech Pienaar alright to continue he's having a moment spreads the play again there's Jelny coming forward by Pienaar Pienaar he's a little bit not a good guy but given away by the Arsenal man now Billy Jones for Sunderland here's Ndon Kazri he's started on the right with a lot more on the left He's got Jones overlapping here The foe in the centre has slid into the hands of Cech I think they now want to get the ball to Kazri as much as they can he's one of the few that's got a little trick in his locker to make something happen Sander The referee didn't agree. Sunderland getting up ahead of steam. As you say, it's been quiet so far, but they certainly continue to turn up in their great numbers, the Sunderland fans. Around 40,000 inside the stadium of life today. Just desperate to see their team give them something to cheer. Maybe that missed kick by Cech. APPLAUSE A bit of noise crawling in the local newspaper, and in his programme notes today for support. Sunderland fans right from the off. An unhoped-to-be throw. A bit more dispossessed. Dong wins it ahead of Sanchez, but the Arsenal man did well to get a two-in. And now it's time to see what's in the bag. And Dong... That was record signing. Over-hit that one, making it difficult for Jones. Yeah, simple enough ball there from Dong. Coming from the French league, only 22 himself, it's a big step up under not-in-ideal circumstances. He does have a reputation for accurate passing, if being rather reckless in the tackle. He's picked up a lot of yellow cards in his short career. Gibbs for Arsenal. And then he takes over. Good ball as well. He is finding gaps down that right-hand side. And it goes to Gibbs again. And will be wanted if backspread away. Another Arsenal corner, though. Well, two wide lads for Sunderland. Sunderland, what more will get back? Kasri on that. In that instance, didn't, to trap Gibbs' run. And then over the corner this time, he played in both the matches Arsenal had during the preceding week. Much better corner, this one. Away, away, away! Patten! Good enough. Good corner, then, in the opening ten minutes for Arsene Wenger's team. Those are on duty this time. Yeah, more of a map-to-man marking system now for Sunderland. Remember that game against Crystal Palace here, when Benteke got a free run. Seems a change of tack for Moyes. Easy take for Kickford. And a volley ball. Not a bad effort from the keeper to pick out Watmore. Gets them on the front foot, gets them up the pitch. Sunderland made a similar start last season, remember, before they finally got their first win against Newcastle of all teams in what was their tenth game. Today is their tenth game. I think these restarts they could do with starting quickly. Get the ball and get it into play. Set the tempo. Two things quicker than they are. They're shaping the wing back, but it's fallen for the Robey. And gone. One-arm hold. Flag has gone up against the foe. That's a good one. He's ignored it, allowing Arsenal to play on. Sanchez with the lay-off. And Donovan get that. Winslow is having his shirt out there. Sunderland fans curious about not getting a free kick for that. Well, they will now, just waiting for the replay. Duncan Atkinson saw the advantage. Hennery heavily involved early on and coming in field. Loves to attack. Good season he's having. Developing all the time. There's runs and crosses from the right-hand side. A big part of Arsenal's attacking strength. Three, two, one. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Pod worn, The over 2 mark for the Llers Dart World Cup, BOOING Kasri, the fold. Only the interception. Popola, Sanchez. Again looking for that whip down the right-hand side, that's something we're going to have to take care of. Here's Oxlade-Chamberlain, now Iwobi, Sanchez... That's a lovely return ball on Samling! And a quick good force to make the save against Ozil. Stig and Pienaar there just for a second, letting Ozil drift off him. That's a lovely pick-off. He's got a lot to do there, Ozil. He'll be under him a little bit, can't get the power. Van Aanholt. Strikker! Strikker! Back on by Pienaar to Watmoor. Strikker! Strikker! There's clearance. Elneny... Sanchez. Beautifully done by Sanchez, and Coquelin is onside here, he might have to go it alone. What a great recovery tackle that was by Kroenig. Well, for Coquelin to get a free run right through the middle of that Sunderland defence really does send out warning signals. He was allowed to go on track, and Dong just lets him go. Doesn't know whether to follow the run or close down the ball. And then they mess that up. Vulnerability in the back four, almost haunting Sunderland again. And now Watmoor takes them for it. And back by Elneny, well played by him as well. And back by Elneny, well played by him as well. Coquelin. Mustafi. And back again to the man that... He's actually signed for Everton, when he was just 17. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. It's been a nervous start for the youngster in goal. Once he's come, he's got to try and get it. Gets nowhere near to doing that. Nice run from Iwobi from the left. Vincent Wenger saying this week that he's too nervous in front of goal. He needs to calm down and have more confidence in his own ability in those situations. He needs to calm down and have more confidence in his own ability in those situations. Get a few goals and confidence comes, Get a few goals and confidence comes, and you set a little bit more, then you get a chance. and you set a little bit more, then you get a chance. Sanchez. Sanchez. Jean-Michel just getting the instruction there from David Moyes about this free kick. Coming in a potential target. They're waiting for knockdowns. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. But No. No. No. Sunderland picks up a little bit. Sunderland picks up a little bit. Why look after我要. 经outer someone else. Why look after mí current events. He's getting there. He's getting there. and done O'Shea looking for Kazri Gibbs got there first again this for Kieran Gibbs having lost his regular place to Monreal Kazri he can deliver a really good set piece whether it's a free kick or a corner if they can only win those set pieces Sunderland in good positions under pressure from Defoe Mustafi Elneny slower build up this time from Arsenal there's no attempt from Sunderland to get in Arsenal's faces to really get close close down the ball withdrawing trying to keep the shape Sanchez Kokelan looking for bearing Elneny Right the attack Sanchez Pace Impressive Cerberus the lighter almost realised constantly next up is he in front of thely as a striker, as a centre-forward, just keep out of his eye line, and then just at the right moment sneak ahead. That's exactly what he does, and what a header. What a header. Beautifully crafted goal from Arsenal. He's not gonna stop that one, Pickford. Kone's kicking himself that he couldn't do anything about it. He's been playing as a main striker rather than in a left-wing role this season, and, my, is he enjoying it. That's his seventh goal of the campaign. He scored both goals in Arsenal's 2-0 win here a couple of years ago, and he's sent them on their way again. It's a new goal for him, I know he's probably played there before in his career, but not consistently, so that kind of movement in the box does bode well. He really did act like a proper central striker there. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. Jones doing well there, Kasri. He's brought down in a threatening position. Yeah, that's the kind of set-piece position I was talking about. I'm sure he'll fancy it. Yeah, it's a free kick, it is, as much as Coquelin protests. He's got a strong left foot. Incidentally, in the build-up to Alex Asensio's giving the lead to Arsenal, there were no fewer than 21 passes involved. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Van Aanholt discuss their options here. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT WHISTLE BLOWS It's Van Aanholt! Close. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Yeah, he's always in charge there, Perice. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Arsenal have put 21 passes together, I think speaks volumes for the way Sunderland have been stood off. WHISTLE BLOWS Arsenal are getting a lot of joy down the right-hand side, whether it's Oxlade-Chamberlain or Bellerin. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS It's a real problem now for a Sunderland team that before today had scored only six goals in their nine Premier League games, the worst record in the division. Once again, they have failed to keep a clean sheet. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS SLURING A Sahara, legend, Agent, Director and arbeiten in time atside telling, most things in a whorledahr, or is this a plane. players now to keep the chins up and seed him at this stage. They'll be feeling the worst of some of the players. They've had a pretty miserable week, the boys in particular, dismissed of course from the touchline in the League Cup tie at Southampton and the whole party were forced to stay an extra night because of fog, they couldn't fly out from Southampton Airport so it's been disruptive for them. And now a goal behind. Nemi under pressure, goes in Don. Good ball, James has got plenty of space ahead of him, which is an optimistic effort, however, the flag has gone up, it won't count, the flag is up. Even before Defoe turned the ball into the net. Yeah, looked like Kasri that was off. The linesman on this side had no hesitation. A difficult one for the liner. Does well to Defoe, doesn't he, just a twist and stick it in the net. And once they have him leading their attack, there's always hope for Sunderland. What will they do without him? Bearing. Henslade Chamberlain, provider of the superb cross for the Arsenal goal. Arsenal can just control the situation now, keep the ball. It's not going to be difficult to do that the way Sunderland has set up. Just take the sting out of any fight back. It's a good thing they've got the ball back. In the way by Gibbs. Another poor kick there by Pickford, he's got away with it again. Well, I just think that shows, highlights the nervousness throughout this Sunderland team. Real lack of confidence. Don't suppose he really wanted the ball back again, but he's got his foot through it this time. Called into the last England senior squad of course. Yeah. Pickford. And Tom Heaton had to withdraw for injury. High hopes for his future, he's already in England under-21 international. But displaying the kind of nervousness that runs throughout this Sunderland team, particularly when they go a goal down. Here's Jones. Beats Kasri to it. With a head tennis inside the Arsenal penalty area. Pienaar gets it under control. And Sanchez caught that and hope napping. And finds Iwobi. Gibbs. Iwobi, chance to hit it. And he takes that chance. He really does catch it well. Doesn't try to smash it. But he does. And it's a really clean side foot. Brilliant from Sanchez. Just funnelling back 10 yards to nick it. Stain switched on. There wasn't any sense of snatching at this chance from Iwobi. Decent effort. Jones wins the header. Default. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Jones wins the header. Default. Pienaar. And hope. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pienaar. Hazry. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pienaar. Pienaar to try and shield it. APPLAUSE Sanchez getting a word of warning from referee Atkinson about delaying the taking of this free kick. Kazri over the ball. O'Shea and Kone both forward. That'll keep it alive through Watmore. Then across this time. And Arsenal deal with it. Ozil for them. Finds Sanchez. And he gets the free kick this time. I think he's going to be lucky here right now to avoid the booking. Doesn't look like the ref's going to produce the card. It's one of those where you always try to clean up. You get caught wrong side. Just trying to stop the counter. Unfortunate there. They are in. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Here's El Nani. Sanchez with a layup. On to Gibbs. Arsenal in control at the moment. El Nani for them. There's Gelny. There's Mustafi. They are in. And it's a good play by the way. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. Familiar pattern. Familiar players getting a touch of the ball again for Arsenal. Gibbs. Gibbs. Someone have ten men behind the ball but they can't regain possession. They are in. Arobi has drifted out to the right now. Here he is. Here he is. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Gets it back to him. Sanchez finds Ozil. Some of the players mere spectators at the moment. It's a play forward again for Sanchez. Now Kony finally wins it back for the home side. Kazric. Nowhere to go. And that was a foul. And Ozil giving Arsenal a free kick in a really dangerous position here. And it's going to be a yellow card as well for the Sunderland players. Well we've seen that with Sunderland trying to overplay in these dangerous areas. It's something that their manager wants them to do. And he knows he's banging trouble here when he gets caught in possession. He knows he's got to stop Ozil. Ozil. Could be even further trouble. Because this is a position. That is likely to test young Jordan Pickford. And the Sunderland goal is getting his wall sorted. Sanchez the player in hot form at the moment will fancy this. Hey, tell him what you want. Not this time. 3-3. 3-2. 3-2. And won the They're just looking to get that little bit of dip. He's now averaged just about one goal every two games in over 100 appearances for Arsenal. Has he wins that three pick? Does he qualify? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He's got that header. He will be a little slow there, as we've got that ahead of him. Oh, what a good interception that was. Still nice on his rescue, but he's going to keep possession with Ndombe. And Rodwell. Tonek. O'Shea. In the last season under Sam Allardyce, they would have got that ball into the final third down the channels. Pretty quick, being much more patient now. David Moyes complaining pedically this week. The side do have a terrible habit of too often trying long balls over the top to try and find a foe, as Ndombe becomes the latest player to be cautioned. Just a little stump in an effort to get at the ball. It's a strange one, though, for me. David Moyes' side like this, you think back to his Everton line-ups and make it a really physical strap, what they had to get in your face, make it difficult. He's gone in a different direction now. He certainly never suffered a spell as bad as this in his managerial career. And he wins his hat. The boss here at Sunderland, in 11 games, both came in the League Cup and now they're out of that as well. They lost to Southampton in the midweek, Southampton lead by Arsenal in the quarter-finals. This is Padua, to the prospect. Yeah. Oh my gosh, do you love us. Yes, do you know we love you, and we're sure to love you. But, I started coming back here yesterday, as I've always wanted, and I was feeling lonely. Nice one through a lot of weekend Esp Nice, yeah, then I made my mind this morning how I would like to be a player, and this ball swung in Elneny here's Mustafi Sanchez instant control the turn takes him away from defenders here's Iwobi Gibbs Elneny under real pressure again now Sunderland so easy for Arsenal so easy you certainly fear for David Moyes side if they concede it again before half-time it's already looking a very difficult match for them in possession again with Iwobi Oxlade-Chamberlain waiting for the cross he's really got nowhere to go here Oxlade-Chamberlain picked it on the near post I thought Kasri would have learnt his lesson after the first half of the season but he's not yet done that yet. after losing it before on the edge of the box nowhere to go just spinning wake one up the line if you can ten successive seasons in the Premier League Sunderland but the last four I've all seen them struggling against the threat of relegation they failed to reach 40 points in any of those campaigns that's a disappointing thing isn't it ten seasons and you expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. ten seasons and you expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. expect a football club to grow to strengthen all the time as you get that expect a football club to grow to strengthen all the time as you get that Premier League money it's just not happened here Central loses out this round Central loses out this round Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford the first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Kazri. Not once, really, have they taken a quick throw in, have they? Every time, there's five, ten seconds go by. Yeah, you picked up early on that one, and the crowd are realising it as well now. What a ball that is for Ozil, the keeper hesitated, but still managed to make the save. Yeah, got away with it, didn't he, Jordan Pickford? He doesn't quite know whether to stick or twist, to charge out, to intercept the full ball, and he does that, and then he sides up, no, I'm not gonna get there, that pedalling furiously, and you'd expect Ozil to do much better there, it was just set up for him perfectly, doesn't get the elevation on it. Five goals in his last six games as well. Mbappé. Cyk owners were 1-御 Facebooking who一點ении M갑neri. Da inadequate Нет if you asked me out for a paste book There we go. Stafi. and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and I think it really means that Wangcao I think it really means that Wangcao is left behind thanks toész that's five now five now penthouse penthouse penthouse penthouse and againstoup and againstoup from Aphelios from Aphelios and of course holding his hamstring area just reorganizing things in this five minutes before they assess ability to continue handed on the captain's armband to Jermaine Defoe so he's clearly convinced he can't go on it's a split second misjudgment both go for the bouncing ball just gets the toe there first that's three Sunderland players cautioned now by Martin Atkinson and finally O'Shea will make way Jiloboji the player who will come on in his place O'Shea in midweek in the league for tie against Southampton the Senegal international and the landed on his shoulder there after the peanut challenge just there important play for Arsenal he's tenacious style adding balance to the host of technically gifted midfield players that Arsenal have at their disposal so many players in that position now Xhaka arriving and obviously Cazorla Elneny next to him today so much so that Jack Wilshere has to leave the club get some football on loan Alan Reynolds is on his way to the middle of the pitch with Michael Cronin on the line too. Alan Ramsey too, who's on the bench today. Yeah. Elneny. A bit short back for Gibbs, but he did well. Iwobi. Elneny. Coming out. Kockeran, who finds Iwobi. Gibbs. Just turning away from danger. Kockeran. Good ball. Kockeran to Iwobi. Here's Elneny again. It's Jelny Mustafi. Look at the room he's got here for the central defender. Lovely ball for Ozil as well. Bearing. Kockeran, the crowd beginning to show the frustration and anger now towards the Sunderland players. Yes. That's because you can see them. They're not having a go, are they? They're not being brave. They're going to go down with a whimper here if things don't change. It can't be changed things for them. The ball wasn't good enough. Good lay-off from Iwobi. Sanchez. Sanchez. They've lost, they've lost, they've lost. Again, loads of space here for Arsenal down that right-hand side. Woo-hoo! Yes! Dropping further and further towards the goal, those Sunderland defenders. Arsenal just be anxious to get this second goal, and you fancy that really would put it to bed this match. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, my God.