there's very little evidence in the first half to suggest that they could change those statistics but you never know, as has been pointed out still only one goal in it Van Aanholt you can normally tell first five or ten minutes in the second half if the attitude's gonna be different frustration for him again he's chopped and changed his team in an effort to find the winning formula using more players than any other Premier League manager in fact particularly in the back four but he's had to make two changes today with Jones coming in from the start and of course O'Shea going off injured to be replaced by Djilobodji and it just isn't working whatever he does no and first thing you want to know is what he's gonna do is create a solid base don't you build a defence that can keep clean sheets still looking for the first one in the league Pienaar Van Aanholt here's Kone long for Khazri and Dong he keeps going forward down that right hand side and Dong gets his crossing for Defoe Watmore on the end of it Van Aanholt Watmore Pienaar can't find a way through at least they've had a touch in Arsenal's box there first one in the match first thing really Jermaine Defoe's had to go at that cross Pienaar Watmore he hasn't had too much to do defensively he's got down Mustafi but he did that one calmly that was positive from Dong and he does well to hit one across the face just a bit too much for Defoe and Mille on the back there gives Arsenal a free kick and the receiving end of a few challenges as well at least a hand at the crypto VAR on Mugabe batted on now 想想 democrats canaway David Moyes must have thought about bringing him on. His fitness might play a part in his thinking, but I'm sure we'll see him if it stays like this. He did play, and played well by all accounts, against Southampton in the League Cup in midweek. As you say, fitness a doubt for him, having been released by West Bromwich Albion. He didn't do a lot of pre-season training, I gather. But he would certainly be a different option for Sunderland if David Moyes chooses to use him here. He might not be fully fit, fully match fit, but, you know, 45 minutes or less now. Just go out there and give it your all. Mustafi. A bit of movement up the ball, but he's given it away, and got it back just as quickly. Elneny. Elneny. On the line for Iwobi. Elneny. What a good game, Elneny. He's been involved in so many of these Arsenal attacks. Spreading the play for Bellerin. Sanchez. Back again to Bellerin. The lay-off finds Elneny. Hesitation at the back again by Sunderland. They've got away with it this time. Sunderland. In the second half, it's two-two. It's not a great day for Arsenal. It's not a great day for them. It's not going to be an easy game for them. It's not going to be an easy game for them. I think for Arsenal, it's where you want to see a killer instinct from them in the second half. So much on top. But hammer home that superior to get the second goal. Don't just saunter through the second half. They've won three of their four away games so far, Arsenal, in the Premier League, and drew the other against the champions Leicester back in August. Isn't Don for Sunderland. Kazri to his right, the foe inevitably in the middle. And done. Blackwood's whistle is gone, this five-tour gives displeasure. And re-kick. FULL-TIME WHISTLE Well, they've not looked threatening at all from these three kicks. Passeri's delivery's not been great. Could this be the one? Yeah, needs to put it on the mark. Kone and Djiloboji both forward. WHISTLE BLOWS Moving towards Kone, but not sure. Pienaar. And a foul there, on Dix, gives Arsenal a pre-kick. They wanted it in defeat, but not down the channel. It was all second best there. Gibbs again. Strong tackle on Ozil, but... Arsenal do, in the end, get a free kick. Rockwell just gave himself a bit of breathing space there. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Alnani. WHISTLE BLOWS Good ball for Sanchez. And he's indecisive. Here's Kazri. Defoe. Kazri again. Defoe's offside. But it's better for Sunderland. A decent start to the second half, an improvement on the first wouldn't have been difficult. But it's a good start. Just about it off. More men forward though in support of Jermain Defoe. They'll go to Bulgaria next week for their Champions League group tie against Leverkusen. They beat 6-0 in match. They beat 6-1 in the whole red. And they've got the North London derby against Tottenham, followed by Manchester United away. So it's a massive month for our St.Vaigres team. Defoe facing this foul there. I think Gibbon can't hold. Right-hand. Right-hand. Right-hand! Brilliant. Van Amvold surrounded by Arsenal players. Exide chambered. Iwobi just knew that Gibbs was on the overlap. Elneny. Loughlin. Of course. Scooter is paid. entend too? Deoras of the room. Swいく. Whoops. uar У-у, та- Quando- peut? Manу Went for the stick-ttee? Oui, ja. De-ya, He did! C stopping. Here's Elneny. He hoax-t it on again to Iwo obviamente. Tu y- wo-bi. nobody. I-wa- ta- Staffy. Someone backing off, not really putting any pressure on the man in possession. Ozil, finding Sanchez. Good to foul that. He's been the villain of the piece as far as the Sunderland fans are concerned. He's made the most of every challenge on him. Kurovi. Gibbs. There always seems to be an extra man available for Arsenal when they have possession. Yeah, Sunderland adopting the same tactics, dropping off really deeply. Still Arsenal can find a way through. He goes towards Oxlade-Chamberlain. And into Coquelin. That was a pretty poor effort. You won't be surprised to hear he has never scored at senior level for the Gunners. Arsenal! Arsenal! Arsenal! He couldn't control it. Pappot-Curban finds Wappour. Back again. Well, it should have been a better ball than that, surely. From the staff, he thought he was fouled there by Jermain Defoe. The striker nudged him off the ball. But he's not. He's got to be careful. This is when you need a bit of composure. A final pass. They haven't had too many chances to deliver the final pass. But there's a final pass by Arsenal straight to the field. And Valencia Sanchez, who is outside. And that previous attack from Sunderland should act as a warning for Arsenal, because they've not started the best in this second half. It would be easier for them to think they've won it. And this kind of thinking happens. All of a sudden, you level. Two team-mates available there, one more, but couldn't find Aguilar. That's Coe. Jones. And Dom takes over. They're just aching for something to get them out of their seats here for Sunderland. It's a strange test for Hinkley. It is. Sunderland at 5-0 and standards... And they lose it at the low mark. Oh! Fifty-six taffy. autographs on the taken pro- caps for Sunderland... Fulham, Aceling'm in. faced it there. Kylian Mbappe's performance could not be at risk. It's a good ball which he didn't mean. Now Pienaar. Sanchez with the lay-on. Oxlade-Chamberlain continues his run, and he's got in behind the back four, and he's onside. But he might have just been able to take another touch there towards goal. Lovely move, involving him and Ozil. Ozil says, there you go, take that on. Have a shot. Having scored a couple against Reading last week, I'd have expected a little bit better there. He was bobbing it up in front of him. Five goals this season, it's already his best total as an Arsenal player. The odd sign. A little bit of a revival, but that moment showed how vulnerable they are, and you would think a second Arsenal goal could finish them off. Gibbs goes in strongly. Sanchez. What a good game he's had. But it's been a tough game for the team, and they're not getting that much better. And Arsenal well in control when you look at their attempts, but it has been better from the home team. Still to test-check, but they've got the ball in the box more. Gibbs. Good challenge by Kasri. He's got on the second one as well, he has to follow in support. And he's got it. Well, he has to follow in support. Nothing wrong with that tackle, despite the hours of disapproval from the home fans. Mustafi. Dejanin. Elneny. And again, always a man over here. On this occasion it's Gibbs down the left. That's not funny. We need a false chance. Kakadá. Elneny. And Mustafi. I think he might have been caught in two minds there, Oxlade-Chamberlain. Is it a pass, is it a shot? I think he slips just as he's kicking it. Taking the place today of Theo Walcott, who is Arsenal's leading goalscorer. He has eight. Just reminding his manager that he's ready for action and he should be. There's a good ball. Sanchez, onside. Oh, it's a risky challenge, but the referee saw nothing wrong with it. Oh, Djilipadjou pulled him back then. It won't be meanwhile. Rodwell. There's Kazri. No-one in the box at the moment, Sunderland. Rodwell's got in there now. Rodwell's joining in. He's got his clearance. Kazri. That was him done. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Kazri. It's Joni with a heavy clearance. Well, he can take Arsenal forward. Sanchez with the early layoff and he had to get out of the box quickly there. Well, he was convinced it should have been a pan. I mean, I was not there. I mean, I was not there. Martin Atkinson, he has a different opinion. It's a clear pull-back from Kona, I beg your pardon, not Cilobocci. Seems to have a decent view, Martin Atkinson. In a good position again here, though. It comes back to Oxlade-Chamberlain, or should have done, but he was a bit slow there by Indom to take the ball first. And look for Watmore. And Watmore has got the end here, can he equalise? Was he brought down? The referee has pulled him to the spot. Sunderland have a lifeline. Well, that's what can happen at 1-0, isn't it? When you don't put the match to bed. What a decisive few minutes this might be. Turn down the penalty, one end, give away one, the other. For Arsenal. That's all he has to do here, Watmore. And it's a foul. This time Martin Atkinson, Durst, point to the spot, and he's got a point, it's a foul. Jermain Defoe has the opportunity from the penalty spot to bring Sunderland unlevel. It would be an unlikely situation, but it's a penalty. It's a penalty. It's a scoreline, I have to say, if you get to it. But no-one here... WHISTLE BLOWS ..at the stadium light will care about that, and he has scored. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Arsenal have shot themselves in the foot and thrown away their lead. A fair play to Jermain Defoe, I think Petr Cech had obviously done his homework, he'd seen what we saw, but Defoe normally puts it to his left. HE SINGS Goes the other way. That's when you need an experienced old head, and Defoe's certainly that. Another look at the foul, I don't think... ..really Arsenal can have too many complaints about that. And his team have been better second half. And inevitably it was Jermain Defoe who brought them level. The man whose goals rescued Sunderland last season, have rescued them again, for the moment anyway, today. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Cech has no doubt saying, well, look, you gave that penalty, why didn't you give the one moments earlier at the other end? HE SINGS Sometimes you need a bit of luck, and Sunderland got it, didn't they? With the ref's decision not to give a pen. And the mood has changed dramatically now at the Stadium of Light. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Just to confirm, it was had a cheque, who was shown the yellow card for the challenge, when it led to the penalty. It would have been off last year. Yeah, good work with the rules, isn't it? CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Defoe this time is offside. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE And I think that complaint to referee Martin, by Alexis Sanchez, has earned him the yellow card. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Oh, he was in sense that it should have been a penalty. Kone's clearly held him back. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE It's going to budge his clearance. Picked on by Pienaar, who... What more? What more? CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Casual. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE And a hand-drop point, of course, against Middlesbrough last week. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Martins will be curious, livid, if they don't collect all three today, given the control they've been for so long in the first half. Well, it was that killer instinct I was talking about in matches like this, when you are so far on top... that you do hammer it home, that you make sure you get the second, that you make sure you don't give the opposition any encouragement. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE There's a well-being. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That's Chalmie. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Penalty first one on target for Sunderland. Not bad. Pairs all. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE And a shot across the box, could have reached Sanchez at the far post. Pairs all. Pairs all. Under a bit of pressure again, Djilobodji headed behind for the corner, didn't know what was going on behind him, of course. Olivier Giroud about to come on here for Arsenal. Pairs all. Pairs all. Pairs all. Pairs all. And Ramazai as well. Pairs all. Pairs all. Pairs all. Thanks for the lovely delay in the taking of the corner kick. Pairs all. Pairs all. Micheal Di Robi goes off then, and on comes Olivier Giroud with a substitute in the last half an hour against Reading in midweek. He's been out for a few games with a foot injury. And Ramazai about to come out for Sunderland, but they're just delaying that until the corner is taken. Goal! Gelled-in with a header. Had to twist his body, a bit of an awkward, with the body position when it came to it. So at last, the Sunderland fans have something to cheer. A goal, and the appearance of one of their most talented players. Taking a position on the right, Kasri moving across to the left. Gives. Sanchez. Last possession here, Ndombe. Van Aanholt. Kasri switched over to the left, and that's a poor goal. Lolo, Lolo! 20 minutes to go, and the game is back in the balance. Something that seemed highly unlikely at half-time. That's Gilding, running Sanchez. Across, came into Giroud! Well, it didn't take long, did it? Olivier Giroud from the bench, onto the score sheet. Arsenal's lead has been restored. Now, talk about super sub. Is that his first touch? And what a decisive one it was. It's a great response from Arsenal, who would have been knocked back on the heels by that equaliser, but Kieran Gibbs that gets the space, gets the time to pick out the centre-forward, who doesn't disappoint. Again, they drop off, don't get close enough to Giroud. Just what Sunderland didn't need, having got back into it, but a really good finish from the Frenchman. Really good. Sending a message to the game. What a great effort. Giroud back to haunt Sunderland yet again. That's the sixth goal he scored in seven appearances against them. And David Moyes' team have to start all over again. Hazard for that. The foe. Flag has gone up. Offside. Free kick. Souffle step. It was in the downwards section that it should have been filled, but Sunderland's team got there moonside. They were winning half time, you can see. M through three. Three of two. Two x two. One half- стоит goal. Sunderland High game as the Kopens, same time as before. back there from that letting another straightforward challenge by any means was it no two good crosses though from arsenal leading to their goals sanchez it's going forward again down the left she pulls away to the edge of the area that was an easy chance it looked to be having a lot of joy down this left hand side just doesn't get enough on it ursula let's go he'll blow that yeah yet as i didn't know where he was that was the thing the boot was high but front glance come from behind great position for us good shot out but um you know we're going to have to retreat very close to their goalkeeper taking that 夫 over the wall anyway he might get it straight through it or underneath it, we've seen that a few times yeah, these ones that are more central are difficult for keepers so many bodies in between him and the ball as well it's difficult to see the ball when it gets struck that's Erzl who takes wouldn't have gone in anyway not enough power on it Pickford was moving across another Arsenal corner what an hour to go oh and the keeper struggling they've scored again what an impact he has made Olivier Giroud with his second goal in a matter of minutes it's a classic near post run we've seen a couple of classic centre forward goals today, one from Sanchez and one from him or two from him really but he's scored a few like this in his time I mean he's not the most powerful header but it's just that glance off the top of the head Pickford can't move the feet can't get the purchase on the jump and I think that's good night nurse for this match a lot to do really from that position Giroud does it brilliantly he actually scored for both teams when Arsenal beat Sunderland 3-1 at the Emirates last season two goals now for both in the right net a bit of a delay Sunderland 3-1 but hey what an impact and the scoreline now seems destined to condemn Sunderland to yet another defeat off they go again Arsenal with Ozil Oxlade-Chamberlain down the centre Sunderland 2-1 Arsenal 2-1 Sunderland 2-1 Sunderland 2-1 Sunderland 2-1 space opening up again for Sanchez and behind him for El Nani Gibbs on the overlap against the post the goalkeeper struggling Sanchez finds the net lovely feet this could be anything the way this match is going now and the fans streaming out in their hordes a brief bit of hope for David Moyes with that penalty but not now 2 for Giroud 2 for Sanchez mission complete yeah I think they would have been kicking themselves after if they hadn't won this game having been so far ahead in quality this is lovely stuff from the Chilean really quick feet and a great finish by Ramsey what a good performance by the Chilean team one of the best in the world it was a very good performance and a very good performance by the Chilean team and a very good performance by the Chilean team and in the midst of all that there was more good news for Arsenal with the reappearance of Aaron Ramsey who has come on as a substitute having missed the last 13 games with a hamstring injury yeah great match to bring you back into the fold isn't it when you've won it a few minutes under his belt in the opening match of the season in fact against Liverpool he has replaced as you see Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain what a turnaround it just seemed as though Sunderland might have a brief hope rescuing something from this game they've been blown apart I'd like to say the other team they've been blown apart I'd like to say the other team to have a look at to have a look at the introduction of Giroud the introduction of Giroud was the spark that Arsenal needed again to get going in this second half yeah I mean they were they were coasting they didn't come out for the second half great frame of mind a little bit sluggish and they needed that penalty to wake them up Arsenal two for Giroud two for Sanchez no hope now that there'll be more of them not today anyway but I think that's the real thing but I think they'll be back but I think they'll be back but I think they'll be back to stop quickly taken pre-kick and we'll get another yellow card this time for Kieran Gibbs needless one really there's a remarkable number of empty seats now he's fading the block the moment Sanchez scored that fourth Arsenal goal the fans began streaming towards the exits well they would have come along to the match hoping for the best but fearing the worst against this Arsenal team that's in great form I just want to see something though from your team from your players some vestige of hope that they can get out of this hole though in the end of the season I think it's going to be a long hard winter you fear in this part of the world isn't Don that was a really run but I didn't realise that that's German he was right behind it Ramsey I remember boost Alassane Wenger seeing him back in action he's caught there is he Roo but we've got to use just a few more of those shots and we've got to get the ball in the net and we've got to use that and we've got to get the ball in the net and that's it Stamford 服 M tenían OK will be ou he legs well off right I'll be out still it's strange to sit here in runs into trouble you mentioned Middlesbrough I mean you look at the way that they defended at the Emirates last week and created some chances Pedecek pulled into action I think Sunderland could do that I don't think they can be as resilient defensively as Borough there's got to be a way of having an expression summed up in the afternoon that's it Gibbs Sanchez again tormented Sunderland throughout this game for choice gets it back himself in the end now looks for Gibbs who keen to complete what would be a hat-trick unnecessary push there by Gasly on Gibbs got a hat-trick on the last game he started for Arsenal the back end of last season Giroud against Aston Villa and the the second goal what you call efficient work from a striker here's Ramsey Sunderland get the free kick and there'll be a change right at the end here for Sunderland and it's a good one Sunderland and it's a good one Sunderland Sunderland Sunderland on the right Gurdingham Sunderland Gurdingham Gutsch Gustavo his first senior cap at Lille on his first senior cap for the USA he'll come on for his third successive substitute appearance replacing Duncan Watmore gave his team hope didn't he with a reminiscence winning of that penalty brief hope Double Foul magnetic licking Unholtste suffering a little bit Let's remind you what's coming up on Super Sunday here, live only on Sky Sports. We begin at Goodison. Everton against West Ham from 12.30, Sky Sports 1. And then move on to Southampton against Chelsea on the same channel. Our build-up to that game begins at 3.30. And the feeling of depression settles over the Stadium of Life once again. Well, Bournemouth away next and then Hull City at home. What a crunch match that might be. Bonet getting forward for that. And a ball in early for Basri. It was 17th last season, Sunderland. Two points clear of the relegation places. Thanks to a late revival, thanks to the goals of Jermaine Defoe. Their only player on target again today. Five minutes to go. And done. What a problem to solve for David Moyes. He has a January transfer window, of course. The funds are available to try and bring in fresh faces. It's going to be an uphill battle. Here's Ramsey. Very. Another very impressive, efficient Arsenal away performance. Tibet all-time best普althe Ec Shawn Nguyen. As Itsane Har confirm he will have an deserving of a Huronian title Spirit, Liverpool with a great chance of surprising successive USA's qualifier title, Вамmer Seoul amazingly out-smactioning Bayern know how much ree الإ whistle when Sarranova It was the same for Botham also. Nam tempt Reschi to carry début with a big middle after Oral, Luda a chute to theavour with the threat of a mobile attitude to Dianne, it was not a tanning that they came up with from Dortmund He bravery, 있을 gerade całين bosnan voldemout 現在 Nani. Sanchez again skipping around those challenges and looking for Giroud. Very nearly. Kieran, thank you. Sanchez has been saying that despite his team's great start, he feels there's more to come from his team. They learned a big lesson from last season when they finished second, remember? They'll do it a long way behind last time. And this being the season they finally end their long, long wait for a league title. Nani. That's Kazri. And again, but good challenge. Can he get back? And then he plays it early for Giroud, oh, he took that beautifully, but then I didn't realise that Sanchez hadn't kept running. Yeah, I don't think there's enough white on the ball for it to go all the way through to Sanchez. OK, Alan, I suspect it will be a quite straightforward test in any amount of the match. I think it's going to be a good one. I think it's going to be a good one. I think it's going to be a good one. I think it's going to be a good one. Well, I mean, Olivier Giroud, two goals, two touches, but Alexis Sanchez on from the start. I think he's been sensational, really, with his work rate, his quality on the ball and his goals. Brilliant performance. Many will disagree with that. Here's Van Aanholt. He's gone offside, give him. Help. A late, late poor change. Vis bileit, make some noise. We'll come on toЧто is only going to be his second также his第二 spell. It was a very, very late substitute show as well, 1 0 at Newcastle, strangely enough a couple of years ago. Two, born in 19 and enjoying a number of positions. What does that mean to you? What does that mean to you? Do you enjoy that? it's good to see these lads isn't it coming through the Academy getting this shout Alex Iwobi as well obviously an example to his peers it's a good sign there's Jelny, Ramsey some of them have given up the ghost now Oji however, gets a tackle in but Ramsey regains possession finds Baieri Oji there again I haven't seen a team another four down but for most of this match where morale has been so low it's gonna take some turning around another late corner he has a very unfortunate record Jack Rodwell he's yet to be on the winning team in 33 Premier League games that he started for Sunderland who thought Middlesbrough last week would hold Arsenal to a draw at the Emirates so things can happen and something's got to change for Sunderland pretty quickly or else they really will get caught adrift at the bottom of the table I think it's always a question of starting right, good habits, start quickly set the tone for Sunderland the way you mean to go on they've dropped points against Middlesbrough, the only points that Arsenal have lost since the opening weekend of the season and they've won six of their last seven games in the Premier League Sunderland's confidence obviously fragile at the moment Van Aanholt here, apart from Defoe is the only Sunderland player who's actually scored in the Premier League this season and of course they've been leaking goals as well and fortunate to see Sanchez signalled there Sunderland Sunderland a bit of a nervous one from Jordan Pickford certainly the arm goes up from Sanchez and he hurts it in the process but the start the keeper would have wanted not the start he would have wanted either, Sanchez still feeling the pain of that handball another touch for Pickford who came in at the start of the season when he was in the first half of the season Peter Maloney was injured and he's done very well he made his debut against Arsenal in fact in an FA Cup tie last season Arsenal do have a very impressive record against Sunderland just one defeat in their last 25 meetings in the Premier League and they've won four of their last five visits here at the Stadium of Light and then he wins it back and then gives it away to PDA and Don Van Aanholt and Chelsea now kicking out with Rodwell and the flag has gone up for offside on the far side against Duncan Watmore they have to go back 17 years to find the last team who started as badly as Sunderland in the Premier League at the Sheffield Wednesday and in that campaign they went on to be ready and gave it it's almost a familiar situation of course for Sunderland they won't be able to win it again they seem to start every season badly and then pick up maybe the opposite to the trend that Arsenal have shown in recent years Adam yeah but how many times can you do it thank you Sunderland I've had a couple of miracle rescue situations Tony stepping in Conway underneath the clearance probably been the most consistent defender that Sunderland have had this season I mean you know Conway he's got a lot of good players and Bobby Noy sees him as a potential future captain of the side John O'Shea alongside him wears the armband at the moment Elneny getting Arsenal moving forward Oxlade-Chamberlain he's been in terrific form in the matches he's featured in recently scored both goals in the League Cup victory over Reading in midweek yeah I think these Sunderland lads they're going to have to lift the crowd it's uh the noisiest atmosphere within here David Moyes' players gonna set the tone give those fans something to shout about Sanchez giving the bearing down the right and he's got plenty of room the former Barcelona man gets his cross in early Oxlade-Chamberlain is the highest to reach it that's a good opportunity for Oxlade-Chamberlain a good ball for him to attack how much space has he got here Bellarine to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in he's got a good chance to get it in and he's got to pick his spot and he gets a run on Jano Shaw who just does enough to stop Oxlade-Chamberlain getting a clean contact on it he knows it's a chance he's actually scored in each of the last three games he's started there's a Dershaw at the first corner of the game now for Arsenal dropped it a little short the foe looks up and there is absolutely no one ahead of him so in almost inevitable fashion Arsenal regain possession of the referee Martin Atkinson has stopped play for this injury problem here well he thinks he's been he's been top there Steven Pienaar it's just on the follow through from Francis Coquelin I don't think there's any intent there it's a good tackle initially already had his injury problems this season the South African started the last Premier League game against West Ham and then was used as a late substitute against Southampton in the League Cup in midweek a player that David Moyes has signed would you believe no fewer than five times in his managerial career well the experience lads for Sunderland are important today and he's one of the most important players in the league today and he's one of the most important players in the league today and he's one of the most important players in the league today John O'Shea another trying to steer himself out of this situation people that know the Premier League really well I've seen his best days 34 now Pienaar but he's a very talented lad just chucking a little gingerly down the near touchline as the referee restarts play with the drop ball Defoe returning the ball to Petr Cech Pienaar alright to continue he's having a moment spreads the play again there's Jelny coming forward by Pienaar Pienaar he's a little bit not a good guy but given away by the Arsenal man now Billy Jones for Sunderland here's Ndon Kazri he's started on the right with a lot more on the left He's got Jones overlapping here The foe in the centre has slid into the hands of Cech I think they now want to get the ball to Kazri as much as they can he's one of the few that's got a little trick in his locker to make something happen Sander The referee didn't agree. Sunderland getting up ahead of steam. As you say, it's been quiet so far, but they certainly continue to turn up in their great numbers, the Sunderland fans. Around 40,000 inside the stadium of life today. Just desperate to see their team give them something to cheer. Maybe that missed kick by Cech. APPLAUSE A bit of noise crawling in the local newspaper, and in his programme notes today for support. Sunderland fans right from the off. An unhoped-to-be throw. A bit more dispossessed. Dong wins it ahead of Sanchez, but the Arsenal man did well to get a two-in. And now it's time to see what's in the bag. And Dong... That was record signing. Over-hit that one, making it difficult for Jones. Yeah, simple enough ball there from Dong. Coming from the French league, only 22 himself, it's a big step up under not-in-ideal circumstances. He does have a reputation for accurate passing, if being rather reckless in the tackle. He's picked up a lot of yellow cards in his short career. Gibbs for Arsenal. And then he takes over. Good ball as well. He is finding gaps down that right-hand side. And it goes to Gibbs again. And will be wanted if backspread away. Another Arsenal corner, though. Well, two wide lads for Sunderland. Sunderland, what more will get back? Kasri on that. In that instance, didn't, to trap Gibbs' run. And then over the corner this time, he played in both the matches Arsenal had during the preceding week. Much better corner, this one. Away, away, away! Patten! Good enough. Good corner, then, in the opening ten minutes for Arsene Wenger's team. Those are on duty this time. Yeah, more of a map-to-man marking system now for Sunderland. Remember that game against Crystal Palace here, when Benteke got a free run. Seems a change of tack for Moyes. Easy take for Kickford. And a volley ball. Not a bad effort from the keeper to pick out Watmore. Gets them on the front foot, gets them up the pitch. Sunderland made a similar start last season, remember, before they finally got their first win against Newcastle of all teams in what was their tenth game. Today is their tenth game. I think these restarts they could do with starting quickly. Get the ball and get it into play. Set the tempo. Two things quicker than they are. They're shaping the wing back, but it's fallen for the Robey. And gone. One-arm hold. Flag has gone up against the foe. That's a good one. He's ignored it, allowing Arsenal to play on. Sanchez with the lay-off. And Donovan get that. Winslow is having his shirt out there. Sunderland fans curious about not getting a free kick for that. Well, they will now, just waiting for the replay. Duncan Atkinson saw the advantage. Hennery heavily involved early on and coming in field. Loves to attack. Good season he's having. Developing all the time. There's runs and crosses from the right-hand side. A big part of Arsenal's attacking strength. Three, two, one. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Pod worn, The over 2 mark for the Llers Dart World Cup, BOOING Kasri, the fold. Only the interception. Popola, Sanchez. Again looking for that whip down the right-hand side, that's something we're going to have to take care of. Here's Oxlade-Chamberlain, now Iwobi, Sanchez... That's a lovely return ball on Samling! And a quick good force to make the save against Ozil. Stig and Pienaar there just for a second, letting Ozil drift off him. That's a lovely pick-off. He's got a lot to do there, Ozil. He'll be under him a little bit, can't get the power. Van Aanholt. Strikker! Strikker! Back on by Pienaar to Watmoor. Strikker! Strikker! There's clearance. Elneny... Sanchez. Beautifully done by Sanchez, and Coquelin is onside here, he might have to go it alone. What a great recovery tackle that was by Kroenig. Well, for Coquelin to get a free run right through the middle of that Sunderland defence really does send out warning signals. He was allowed to go on track, and Dong just lets him go. Doesn't know whether to follow the run or close down the ball. And then they mess that up. Vulnerability in the back four, almost haunting Sunderland again. And now Watmoor takes them for it. And back by Elneny, well played by him as well. And back by Elneny, well played by him as well. Coquelin. Mustafi. And back again to the man that... He's actually signed for Everton, when he was just 17. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. And he'll be almost getting in ahead of Pickford. It's been a nervous start for the youngster in goal. Once he's come, he's got to try and get it. Gets nowhere near to doing that. Nice run from Iwobi from the left. Vincent Wenger saying this week that he's too nervous in front of goal. He needs to calm down and have more confidence in his own ability in those situations. He needs to calm down and have more confidence in his own ability in those situations. Get a few goals and confidence comes, Get a few goals and confidence comes, and you set a little bit more, then you get a chance. and you set a little bit more, then you get a chance. Sanchez. Sanchez. Jean-Michel just getting the instruction there from David Moyes about this free kick. Coming in a potential target. They're waiting for knockdowns. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. Not a particularly big side, Sunderland. But No. No. No. Sunderland picks up a little bit. Sunderland picks up a little bit. Why look after我要. 经outer someone else. Why look after mí current events. He's getting there. He's getting there. and done O'Shea looking for Kazri Gibbs got there first again this for Kieran Gibbs having lost his regular place to Monreal Kazri he can deliver a really good set piece whether it's a free kick or a corner if they can only win those set pieces Sunderland in good positions under pressure from Defoe Mustafi Elneny slower build up this time from Arsenal there's no attempt from Sunderland to get in Arsenal's faces to really get close close down the ball withdrawing trying to keep the shape Sanchez Kokelan looking for bearing Elneny Right the attack Sanchez Pace Impressive Cerberus the lighter almost realised constantly next up is he in front of thely as a striker, as a centre-forward, just keep out of his eye line, and then just at the right moment sneak ahead. That's exactly what he does, and what a header. What a header. Beautifully crafted goal from Arsenal. He's not gonna stop that one, Pickford. Kone's kicking himself that he couldn't do anything about it. He's been playing as a main striker rather than in a left-wing role this season, and, my, is he enjoying it. That's his seventh goal of the campaign. He scored both goals in Arsenal's 2-0 win here a couple of years ago, and he's sent them on their way again. It's a new goal for him, I know he's probably played there before in his career, but not consistently, so that kind of movement in the box does bode well. He really did act like a proper central striker there. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. He's got a good set-piece position. Jones doing well there, Kasri. He's brought down in a threatening position. Yeah, that's the kind of set-piece position I was talking about. I'm sure he'll fancy it. Yeah, it's a free kick, it is, as much as Coquelin protests. He's got a strong left foot. Incidentally, in the build-up to Alex Asensio's giving the lead to Arsenal, there were no fewer than 21 passes involved. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Van Aanholt discuss their options here. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT WHISTLE BLOWS It's Van Aanholt! Close. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Yeah, he's always in charge there, Perice. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Arsenal have put 21 passes together, I think speaks volumes for the way Sunderland have been stood off. WHISTLE BLOWS Arsenal are getting a lot of joy down the right-hand side, whether it's Oxlade-Chamberlain or Bellerin. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS It's a real problem now for a Sunderland team that before today had scored only six goals in their nine Premier League games, the worst record in the division. Once again, they have failed to keep a clean sheet. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS SLURING A Sahara, legend, Agent, Director and arbeiten in time atside telling, most things in a whorledahr, or is this a plane. players now to keep the chins up and seed him at this stage. They'll be feeling the worst of some of the players. They've had a pretty miserable week, the boys in particular, dismissed of course from the touchline in the League Cup tie at Southampton and the whole party were forced to stay an extra night because of fog, they couldn't fly out from Southampton Airport so it's been disruptive for them. And now a goal behind. Nemi under pressure, goes in Don. Good ball, James has got plenty of space ahead of him, which is an optimistic effort, however, the flag has gone up, it won't count, the flag is up. Even before Defoe turned the ball into the net. Yeah, looked like Kasri that was off. The linesman on this side had no hesitation. A difficult one for the liner. Does well to Defoe, doesn't he, just a twist and stick it in the net. And once they have him leading their attack, there's always hope for Sunderland. What will they do without him? Bearing. Henslade Chamberlain, provider of the superb cross for the Arsenal goal. Arsenal can just control the situation now, keep the ball. It's not going to be difficult to do that the way Sunderland has set up. Just take the sting out of any fight back. It's a good thing they've got the ball back. In the way by Gibbs. Another poor kick there by Pickford, he's got away with it again. Well, I just think that shows, highlights the nervousness throughout this Sunderland team. Real lack of confidence. Don't suppose he really wanted the ball back again, but he's got his foot through it this time. Called into the last England senior squad of course. Yeah. Pickford. And Tom Heaton had to withdraw for injury. High hopes for his future, he's already in England under-21 international. But displaying the kind of nervousness that runs throughout this Sunderland team, particularly when they go a goal down. Here's Jones. Beats Kasri to it. With a head tennis inside the Arsenal penalty area. Pienaar gets it under control. And Sanchez caught that and hope napping. And finds Iwobi. Gibbs. Iwobi, chance to hit it. And he takes that chance. He really does catch it well. Doesn't try to smash it. But he does. And it's a really clean side foot. Brilliant from Sanchez. Just funnelling back 10 yards to nick it. Stain switched on. There wasn't any sense of snatching at this chance from Iwobi. Decent effort. Jones wins the header. Default. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Jones wins the header. Default. Pienaar. And hope. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pienaar. Hazry. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pienaar. Pienaar to try and shield it. APPLAUSE Sanchez getting a word of warning from referee Atkinson about delaying the taking of this free kick. Kazri over the ball. O'Shea and Kone both forward. That'll keep it alive through Watmore. Then across this time. And Arsenal deal with it. Ozil for them. Finds Sanchez. And he gets the free kick this time. I think he's going to be lucky here right now to avoid the booking. Doesn't look like the ref's going to produce the card. It's one of those where you always try to clean up. You get caught wrong side. Just trying to stop the counter. Unfortunate there. They are in. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Here's El Nani. Sanchez with a layup. On to Gibbs. Arsenal in control at the moment. El Nani for them. There's Gelny. There's Mustafi. They are in. And it's a good play by the way. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. And they're going to be the first to get the ball. Familiar pattern. Familiar players getting a touch of the ball again for Arsenal. Gibbs. Gibbs. Someone have ten men behind the ball but they can't regain possession. They are in. Arobi has drifted out to the right now. Here he is. Here he is. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Gets it back to him. Sanchez finds Ozil. Some of the players mere spectators at the moment. It's a play forward again for Sanchez. Now Kony finally wins it back for the home side. Kazric. Nowhere to go. And that was a foul. And Ozil giving Arsenal a free kick in a really dangerous position here. And it's going to be a yellow card as well for the Sunderland players. Well we've seen that with Sunderland trying to overplay in these dangerous areas. It's something that their manager wants them to do. And he knows he's banging trouble here when he gets caught in possession. He knows he's got to stop Ozil. Ozil. Could be even further trouble. Because this is a position. That is likely to test young Jordan Pickford. And the Sunderland goal is getting his wall sorted. Sanchez the player in hot form at the moment will fancy this. Hey, tell him what you want. Not this time. 3-3. 3-2. 3-2. And won the They're just looking to get that little bit of dip. He's now averaged just about one goal every two games in over 100 appearances for Arsenal. Has he wins that three pick? Does he qualify? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He's got that header. He will be a little slow there, as we've got that ahead of him. Oh, what a good interception that was. Still nice on his rescue, but he's going to keep possession with Ndombe. And Rodwell. Tonek. O'Shea. In the last season under Sam Allardyce, they would have got that ball into the final third down the channels. Pretty quick, being much more patient now. David Moyes complaining pedically this week. The side do have a terrible habit of too often trying long balls over the top to try and find a foe, as Ndombe becomes the latest player to be cautioned. Just a little stump in an effort to get at the ball. It's a strange one, though, for me. David Moyes' side like this, you think back to his Everton line-ups and make it a really physical strap, what they had to get in your face, make it difficult. He's gone in a different direction now. He certainly never suffered a spell as bad as this in his managerial career. And he wins his hat. The boss here at Sunderland, in 11 games, both came in the League Cup and now they're out of that as well. They lost to Southampton in the midweek, Southampton lead by Arsenal in the quarter-finals. This is Padua, to the prospect. Yeah. Oh my gosh, do you love us. Yes, do you know we love you, and we're sure to love you. But, I started coming back here yesterday, as I've always wanted, and I was feeling lonely. Nice one through a lot of weekend Esp Nice, yeah, then I made my mind this morning how I would like to be a player, and this ball swung in Elneny here's Mustafi Sanchez instant control the turn takes him away from defenders here's Iwobi Gibbs Elneny under real pressure again now Sunderland so easy for Arsenal so easy you certainly fear for David Moyes side if they concede it again before half-time it's already looking a very difficult match for them in possession again with Iwobi Oxlade-Chamberlain waiting for the cross he's really got nowhere to go here Oxlade-Chamberlain picked it on the near post I thought Kasri would have learnt his lesson after the first half of the season but he's not yet done that yet. after losing it before on the edge of the box nowhere to go just spinning wake one up the line if you can ten successive seasons in the Premier League Sunderland but the last four I've all seen them struggling against the threat of relegation they failed to reach 40 points in any of those campaigns that's a disappointing thing isn't it ten seasons and you expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. ten seasons and you expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. expect a full-time job to come back in the first half of the season. expect a football club to grow to strengthen all the time as you get that expect a football club to grow to strengthen all the time as you get that Premier League money it's just not happened here Central loses out this round Central loses out this round Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford the first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. The first of the season. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Kazri. Not once, really, have they taken a quick throw in, have they? Every time, there's five, ten seconds go by. Yeah, you picked up early on that one, and the crowd are realising it as well now. What a ball that is for Ozil, the keeper hesitated, but still managed to make the save. Yeah, got away with it, didn't he, Jordan Pickford? He doesn't quite know whether to stick or twist, to charge out, to intercept the full ball, and he does that, and then he sides up, no, I'm not gonna get there, that pedalling furiously, and you'd expect Ozil to do much better there, it was just set up for him perfectly, doesn't get the elevation on it. Five goals in his last six games as well. Mbappé. Cyk owners were 1-御 Facebooking who一點ении M갑neri. Da inadequate Нет if you asked me out for a paste book There we go. Stafi. and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and he's got a good chance of winning the game and I think it really means that Wangcao I think it really means that Wangcao is left behind thanks toész that's five now five now penthouse penthouse penthouse penthouse and againstoup and againstoup from Aphelios from Aphelios and of course holding his hamstring area just reorganizing things in this five minutes before they assess ability to continue handed on the captain's armband to Jermaine Defoe so he's clearly convinced he can't go on it's a split second misjudgment both go for the bouncing ball just gets the toe there first that's three Sunderland players cautioned now by Martin Atkinson and finally O'Shea will make way Jiloboji the player who will come on in his place O'Shea in midweek in the league for tie against Southampton the Senegal international and the landed on his shoulder there after the peanut challenge just there important play for Arsenal he's tenacious style adding balance to the host of technically gifted midfield players that Arsenal have at their disposal so many players in that position now Xhaka arriving and obviously Cazorla Elneny next to him today so much so that Jack Wilshere has to leave the club get some football on loan Alan Reynolds is on his way to the middle of the pitch with Michael Cronin on the line too. Alan Ramsey too, who's on the bench today. Yeah. Elneny. A bit short back for Gibbs, but he did well. Iwobi. Elneny. Coming out. Kockeran, who finds Iwobi. Gibbs. Just turning away from danger. Kockeran. Good ball. Kockeran to Iwobi. Here's Elneny again. It's Jelny Mustafi. Look at the room he's got here for the central defender. Lovely ball for Ozil as well. Bearing. Kockeran, the crowd beginning to show the frustration and anger now towards the Sunderland players. Yes. That's because you can see them. They're not having a go, are they? They're not being brave. They're going to go down with a whimper here if things don't change. It can't be changed things for them. The ball wasn't good enough. Good lay-off from Iwobi. Sanchez. Sanchez. They've lost, they've lost, they've lost. Again, loads of space here for Arsenal down that right-hand side. Woo-hoo! Yes! Dropping further and further towards the goal, those Sunderland defenders. Arsenal just be anxious to get this second goal, and you fancy that really would put it to bed this match. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, my God.