no half-time substitutions Liverpool remember have already lost Adam Lallana to a groin injury Daniel Sturridge his replacement booked for simulation as he went down in the penalty area looking for a spot kick suffice to say Davy so far not quite so good for Jurgen Klopp that's been pretty poor so far but I mean I'm sure Liverpool have another gear to find and I think they'll feel the longer the game goes on the more likely Swansea have to become strong out the space might open up a little bit for them so far Swansea have been terrific they've choked the game they've crowded the ball brilliantly but you wonder just whether they have the energy to go the distance here Swansea sadly rising to the occasion so far Liverpool we know there's more to come from them fascinatingly balanced here at the Liberty Stadium Matic hooks it away and Gallant is 10th season at the club very different club from the one he joined I know them fly Norton in pursuit come through to Sturridge heavy first touch and a bit of spin so he'll go behind for a goal kick and a bit of spin so he'll go behind for a goal kick It's a good one from Clyne, just through the legs here of Kyle Notting on the far side. Still a bit heavy in the story so far for Daniel Sturridge. Liverpool pressing high up and Swansea able to play it up towards Borja. He'll have one wonderful opportunity to open his account for his club, the £15.5m man early on in the game. It's a cynical one from Javier Marqués again, talking about the one late in the first half, maybe Gosselin to get away with it. Firmino breezes beyond Britain. And the first real test-out for Lucas Fabianski from the boot of the Brazilian Firmino. Took it very well, made it look easy here, the ball kicks up just in front of him, and he's got it. Plenty of pace on it and he took it in well. Finishing wide in any case, but got his gloves around it. Testing conditions with that heavy rain falling here. Coutinho, who's dropped a little deeper from his customary position after the loss of Lallana. Mane seeking Sturridge, finding Sturridge. Mane beyond Fabianski, someone needs to clear it. And that eventually obliges. The ball is in the basket, and now the ball is on the pitch. Here's Rangel. Walker, defending from the front. Now Sigurdsson. Kork making the run through the centre. Routledge has joined him. Here comes Rangel. Plenty of red shirts back now. It's still life in this for Swansea. Rangel, Routledge, and it eludes everyone. I'm really surprised he didn't test the goalkeeper there. It's on his right side. Anything on target is gonna be a problem for Karius, even from that angle. Liverpool already in the opening four minutes, this half have caused more problems than they did throughout the first half. Back to Lucas, Fabianski and Co. Milner. Lopi rang out. Mane coming close, case of problem, Swansea exposed here on the left side of midfield, that hasn't happened too often. Again they get plenty of bodies go side, but starting to live a little bit more dangerously. That's a good sign. Now Nolte. Swansea know they can't just sit back on this one goal lead, they're seeking a second. Fair. He got the first. So good to see Liverpool get a little more involved, and perhaps he did at times in the first 45, but he's lost out. Lopi good with the shoulder too. And Coutinho beyond. Mane's got the chance for steal, and nearly did so. He can finish a little whatatch together, but he's gone down the redline, and Lord slash? What gave him the Dummies hat? Here they are, students, I won't always be deny. ungen da k buildings coutinho so南 compra I know Eriksson so Mutta for those since he joined the club from Newcastle in the summer and in this redefined deeper line role the Dutchman, Jürgen Wijnaldum everything they're doing at the moment Swanson the folks around Lille and Britain you just wonder whether he's got the legs you know, Willem he can do the dishes in 90 minutes they've had some pretty ordinary performances by the managers of mission this season in Swansea here against Hull away at Southampton they were pretty lacklustre but the two games against Man Utd Manchester City really helped them take strides forward Mane upended the main Liverpool free kick fellow card really cynical one from Lille and Britain knows his wrong side he knows Mane's too quick here this is Coutinho's range all day long Coutinho sets his sights Swansea now need to tread the line very carefully that's two of their deep line midfielders Jack Horford, Lille and Britain both in the book now Felipe Coutinho licking his lips at the Liberty straight into the Swansea wall Henderson over the top Firmino 1-1 Roberto Firmino coasting in behind and levelling the scores well initially the Swansea wall does its job they've got plenty of height on the wall here not the best from Coutinho and then they try to clear the penalty box the men in white is well on site as it comes back in could have taken a touch but gets enough on it Fabianski may be expecting a penalty box but it's not so he's got a lot of time to go to his left and he's done him on the narrow side instead they've ridden their luck at times Swansea now it really is game on they've got a lot of work to do now Well the free kick surrendered by Britain he went into the book from the resulting Coutinho strike into the wall his compatriot Firmino heads Liverpool he's got the ball now to the right hand side of the ball go up to Balliennent what a video he has got here in his green Manchester locker room dunk tomar he has come to moderator's table back on track here in south Wales it's got to be concerned for Francesco Grigolin that perilous situation with the yellow cards for those two midfielders, Britton and Port that I was just mentioning, David well, Keesong Young is on the bench he's the obvious replacement if there are any real fears that Idle's going to pick up a red that is a concern, short of the hour mark, isn't it the vulnerable legwork is wanting the first half Mane's got away here down goes Fabianski fair suddenly the snap and bite has been delivered by the guests here at the Liberty and Arlen, flying Milton thinks oh no T-backs off and Arlen runs into the box Mane Sturridge trying to drag it behind Henderson Reynaldo Coutinho well they're at it now, Liverpool well the manager approves and little wonder they've found an extra yard now, Liverpool lovely little lay-off here for Coutinho plays it, follows his pass half a yard the most wide but only one team playing at the moment and that's a side in red the red response is irresistible cue the next wave Mane Sturridge Milton back and here's Klein Reynaldo looks away by Van der Hoorn so good soon and they've got to give the back four a little bit more protection Swansea, you know so far it's been Britain sitting with Court and fair ahead they could do with two in front Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Routledge Coutinho blocks it Milner Rangel Oh he's gone through proudly Rangel Once and twice to take it away from Milner But back comes Mourner And here come Liverpool Lovren And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner Milner Soria match Mane Coutinho Firmino Goal Pinoch Goal Goal Pinoch Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Sturridge Mourner But in your Time and space I just can't get out those ones He can't get out those ones he could the ball to the left of the right hander. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. Well, no surprise there's going Well, no surprise there's going to be a change here and Moduvaro is going to come on. Something needs to change for Swansea or they're going to be blown away here. blown away here. blown away here. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. The graphic tells a story of The graphic tells a story of just how active Nathaniel just how active Nathaniel Kleiner is in the fast side at Kleiner is in the fast side at the moment. I'm not having a bit of trouble standing the tape down there. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . That's a bad challenge from Kyrie right in front of the assistant not quite sure how he missed that Ram moment of calm and what has been a frantic second half Here come Liverpool again Clyde Took it in brilliantly Once again Fabianski it is straight at him, but it's it's awkward takes a dip bounces just in front And he did well to take it in The best compliment you can give Fabianski today is that he's made the awkward look routine He has been called into service in the second half Barrow again losing out He's made up for it by getting back Milner away from van der Hoorn back to Mane William blocked there by Norton to get it behind for a corner Oh much to the relief of van der Hoorn who's clumsy in the edge of the box can't sort his feet out here Liverpool men over at the back post And Norton did brilliantly to get narrow He knows that was a real chance Little chances in the first half earlier triple we're at Toronto on the second some accord of the match remaining Starts Well, I think it's Kail Norton who's picking him up It's all man-to-man marking here for Swansea. That's Kyle Norton, just comes back a bit towards the penalty spot. He's got a lot to do from that range. Come on. Henderson. Sturridge. Underhand struggling again, but it's not costly on this occasion. There's nothing sticking for Swansea, nothing at all sticking. Can't find the striker. If they can't find him, they're going to struggle to get up the pitcher. Rona, thundering forward. Clyde. Down the right again. For Jurgen Klopp's side. Line to Mane. One out of them. Henderson. He adding a bit of midfield zest. He's still got the energy to run around a bit where the others have spent so much in getting Swansea into the lead in the first half. And now frantically trying to hold on to get something out of the match. Frankenstein. He's got to stay back on the pitch. Put right getting Strafford work up thealted. Whism Elizabeth has got nothing under her belt. Will Vardy familiar receive a party role? ino glasses. Virginia unit 5 and 2. suffering. UDTW. gets that card. Bo Blanc is one because the world's greatest king. Sun, Brazil. You get Davichi soup poured into the pot. On our Nike психotomy. A deber then, Jorge No deixeظła venirер o temperatilities. still the best part of 20 minutes to play and Francesco Guigli is going to make his third and final substitution Leroy Fair, who sets Swansea on the way with the first half goal, will make way here for the young Scottish midfielder Jay Fulton no reflection on first performance, he's had a good afternoon having legs and energy in an area where Liverpool needed, or Swansea needed against this Liverpool side so badly, Fulton his first Premier League appearance since Liverpool came here and lost at the start of May and he's straight into the action Fulton, they take it away from Coutinho and he's got it he's lost out, Wijnaldum Sturridge was in a whole load of space he was, he's screaming for it, Daniel Sturridge that was the pass, Wijnaldum didn't see him Simeone charge to be hit look like an irreJ쉬ble but Sturridge goes on the bench one more throw, 2 – 3 Oh my God, the number one chance for them Vlaro, the answer he's got That is yep his round now That was the record and strong yes shield with Kempe in that direction confuses the ball Sturridge very nearly getting it and Ballas slides in Aune Bieber be spot on looked as if he took plenty of the ball but i'm not sure he had to make the tackle that's indicative of the desperation with which swansea are holding on here still a long way to go one one melda with the corner climb this man took a big chance for me balls going out the box i was committed arguably with the wrong foot but fortunately enough for swansea got plenty on it really good run from their youngster there matched all the way by matted though this is why francesco bridal has gone for for better legs in the midfield now jeffrey making that offer front post playing in the premier league a product of the fulker academy this young man jay fulton barrow and they're up to birth wade there's fire bayward court of an out of bed maybe and uh whatever happens this hasn't been a performance from theashings side who found out that also has a lot of the power was to another level elevator on the scene and she justаю for indian indian airmen this'll constantly cleaning the barbed air away from the heatstack as if those were compensated by a huge win for him this hasn't been a performance from a swansea side who have lacked their own That last week being a hat play david and participated in indeed shallot bat is election week to win were shown atard puchina director dianne baraux's that manager is it you're dead right i'm not sure it could do much better than this against a very good side we've hung together hung in there communication breakdown at the back walker reflected behind such a good ball from sigurdson to elisa first time pass here from sigurdson this ball here and he's on his way into the box once again swan to get up for will and rest of the the other end of the pitch it really has been a siege this second half and a chance to prey on what they know as the liverpool weakness defending set pieces that's what they're looking for in the second half of the second half of the game that's what they're looking for in the second half of the game that's what they're looking for in the second half of the game avenue from which their first goal came paris nowhere near it plenty has been hit there either way he's misjudged it completely when he decides he's coming for that he's got to get something on it and he flaps got to get a fist on that when he comes that distance ends up underneath it it and then we'll look at the second game from the avid club and they're taking a hit but it was unconvincing at best from the goalkeeper brought in for just under five million pounds from mainz jürgen klopp's former club in the summer currently in possession of the number one jersey with simone minoula left on the bench for the second successive premier league game and then we'll look at the second game from the avid club the second half of the season and he's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net and he's got a lot of good players in the back of the net, hard work and he'll be hard work and he'll be more generally in the back of the net. net. net. They're really playing They're really playing well. well. well. Yes, every match warmed up warm up cold. warm up Eses Yo Yo Yo it's it's it's hot it's hot it's hot it's hot bitch it's it's hot bitter bitter Super Sunday looks like this tomorrow Tottenham against Manchester City as it stands the top two in the Premier League 1.30 Sky Sports 1 and following on the attention turns to Turf Moor Burnley against Arsenal from 4.15 also Sky Sports 1 Liverpool if they can find a winner here will split the top two will take them second two points off City two clear of Spurs in a week where so many have been talking about them as possible title contenders are Liverpool about to miss a trick here they came here to South Wales hoping to find a Swansea side down on their luck and feeling sorry for themselves they have been sorely disappointed continue they took a while to get out to the ball but eventually Jack Cork gets out to put the squeeze on that stage in the game where Swansea may be just a little bit laggy not pressing the ball as early as well as they were early on in the game and Washington so much expose its  And it's a penalty. That's a bouncer, the penalty error, but no one with a tank-touch on it. Sturridge first on the scene, blocked by Barrow. Coutinho, Milner, Legions of Red in the middle. Milner drops it in. Mane was coming in behind, but that's well away, as far as Milner. Orpo just prodding it away from Coutinho, but the respite is only temporary. This is a great effort by Swansea. Three getting forward to try and close down, put a bit of pressure on, and Barrow can bundle it out. Absolutely spot on. What you were seeing earlier, there's no evidence at all that these players have stopped for the manager. They've given him every ounce today. Milner, tried a trick to take him beyond Barrow. Barrow seems to have settled into the pace of the game now. Coutinho. He's got it. Go on, go on, go on. There to be attacked, but Morton able to defend it, Klein, Henderson. Reynaldum. Liverpool ready to make a change in a moment. Claudio Matt, committed to try and steal the ball, he has to get back at Mane here. Camino waits in the box, rang out. Go on. and Barrow combines a clear. He hasn't managed to do that, Barrow. This is awkward, this is Firmino. Oh, has he fouled that? He was, penalty. The creaking defence has given way. Just as he was getting ready to shoot, Firmino fouled, and Liverpool with a great chance to win this one now. Don't think there's much doubt about it. Barrow could have taken a touch there. Horribly sliced clearance, Bruce Swansea, and all sorts of bother. And Akhil Rankle just leaning in, clumsy. And Michael Oliver's got no choice there. Now let's mill the time for Liverpool again. Three goals this season, all from the spot. Two in his last match against Hull City. And it's a three-and-a-half-minute penalty. Milner steps up, and Milner delivers for Liverpool again. They've turned this one around at the Liberty. And Liverpool close in on a fourth successive Premier League win. Now, Mr Dependable himself, Francesco Guidolin, can't quite believe it. It looks as if it's slipping away after a terrific effort. This was a terrific penalty under pressure from James Milner. A little bit of hesitation, Fabian. He throws himself. And a little dink is enough to put Liverpool in the box seat with just six, seven minutes remaining of this. On an afternoon where they've found the going tough, and that's a credit to Swansea. They have found a way to do it, found a way to win. And we all know what those sort of characteristics mean in a side as the season goes on. Well done. That was on. One change already made by Liverpool. That was to the stricken Lallana in the first half. They've got two remaining, and they're going to make them both here. Emre Can and Thibaut Origi both on. Reynaldi and Firmino, all smiles as they make their way off. Henderson. Origi. Sturridge. Coutinho. Saved by Fabianski. Well, they're in the mood for more, Liverpool. And you wouldn't bet against them getting them. Van de Hoorn away. I think Coutinho has to take the shot on, even from the Tate angle. There's nobody else to hit in the box. Good ball in. Sturridge can't get there, but with his first touch, he has to take the shot on. Nothing else on for Coutinho. Well, in black and white, it will look like another defeat for Francesco, Guidolin and Swansea. In truth, it hasn't been like that at all as far as they're concerned. We'll look at back-to-back home defeats and the failure to pick up a home win. That doesn't make happy reading for a match that you felt even if it won, he might have been under pressure over the international break in terms of taking charge of Swansea's next match. What we do know is it's going to be a very long two weeks for Francesco Guidolin. Coutinho. Into Origi. And a tee-up, Sturridge. Up by a mat. And the referee got in the way as Emery Camac for closing. Origi. quiere gibbed frågor Let's go. It would be easier. investors Steve Kaplan and Jason Levine is there a wind of change that will blow through the Liberty Stadium over the coming days is this the last time that that man will take charge these are all questions that will be answered after this one we should put on the record here that Swansea have given him absolutely everything today but against this Liverpool side in the mood they've been in the second half it hasn't been enough by the look of things anyway brilliant Tom from Sturridge here's Chan trying to put it on Clayton Jack Court slid in could have gone anywhere and Lady Lacted smile on Swansea on that occasion you you maybe when Liverpool were lukewarm in the first they've been more than lively in the second yeah they certainly have they're well worth the loop no question about that it's a bit of an emmigrant the first half but they really have put Swansea to the to the sword in this second half found an extra gear when we wondered whether they had one extra gear when we wondered whether they had one we talked about it at half-time was it possible for Swansea to play any better in the second half than they did in the first even matching the levels problematic given what they'd invested that proved to be the case Liverpool have gone up a couple of notches and they'll go up a couple of places in the Premier League table splitting Manchester City and Tottenham who meet on Super Sunday tomorrow you you