no half-time substitutions Liverpool remember have already lost Adam Lallana to a groin injury Daniel Sturridge his replacement booked for simulation as he went down in the penalty area looking for a spot kick suffice to say Davy so far not quite so good for Jurgen Klopp that's been pretty poor so far but I mean I'm sure Liverpool have another gear to find and I think they'll feel the longer the game goes on the more likely Swansea have to become strong out the space might open up a little bit for them so far Swansea have been terrific they've choked the game they've crowded the ball brilliantly but you wonder just whether they have the energy to go the distance here Swansea sadly rising to the occasion so far Liverpool we know there's more to come from them fascinatingly balanced here at the Liberty Stadium Matic hooks it away and Gallant is 10th season at the club very different club from the one he joined I know them fly Norton in pursuit come through to Sturridge heavy first touch and a bit of spin so he'll go behind for a goal kick and a bit of spin so he'll go behind for a goal kick It's a good one from Clyne, just through the legs here of Kyle Notting on the far side. Still a bit heavy in the story so far for Daniel Sturridge. Liverpool pressing high up and Swansea able to play it up towards Borja. He'll have one wonderful opportunity to open his account for his club, the £15.5m man early on in the game. It's a cynical one from Javier Marqués again, talking about the one late in the first half, maybe Gosselin to get away with it. Firmino breezes beyond Britain. And the first real test-out for Lucas Fabianski from the boot of the Brazilian Firmino. Took it very well, made it look easy here, the ball kicks up just in front of him, and he's got it. Plenty of pace on it and he took it in well. Finishing wide in any case, but got his gloves around it. Testing conditions with that heavy rain falling here. Coutinho, who's dropped a little deeper from his customary position after the loss of Lallana. Mane seeking Sturridge, finding Sturridge. Mane beyond Fabianski, someone needs to clear it. And that eventually obliges. The ball is in the basket, and now the ball is on the pitch. Here's Rangel. Walker, defending from the front. Now Sigurdsson. Kork making the run through the centre. Routledge has joined him. Here comes Rangel. Plenty of red shirts back now. It's still life in this for Swansea. Rangel, Routledge, and it eludes everyone. I'm really surprised he didn't test the goalkeeper there. It's on his right side. Anything on target is gonna be a problem for Karius, even from that angle. Liverpool already in the opening four minutes, this half have caused more problems than they did throughout the first half. Back to Lucas, Fabianski and Co. Milner. Lopi rang out. Mane coming close, case of problem, Swansea exposed here on the left side of midfield, that hasn't happened too often. Again they get plenty of bodies go side, but starting to live a little bit more dangerously. That's a good sign. Now Nolte. Swansea know they can't just sit back on this one goal lead, they're seeking a second. Fair. He got the first. So good to see Liverpool get a little more involved, and perhaps he did at times in the first 45, but he's lost out. Lopi good with the shoulder too. And Coutinho beyond. Mane's got the chance for steal, and nearly did so. He can finish a little whatatch together, but he's gone down the redline, and Lord slash? What gave him the Dummies hat? Here they are, students, I won't always be deny. ungen da k buildings coutinho so南 compra I know Eriksson so Mutta for those since he joined the club from Newcastle in the summer and in this redefined deeper line role the Dutchman, Jürgen Wijnaldum everything they're doing at the moment Swanson the folks around Lille and Britain you just wonder whether he's got the legs you know, Willem he can do the dishes in 90 minutes they've had some pretty ordinary performances by the managers of mission this season in Swansea here against Hull away at Southampton they were pretty lacklustre but the two games against Man Utd Manchester City really helped them take strides forward Mane upended the main Liverpool free kick fellow card really cynical one from Lille and Britain knows his wrong side he knows Mane's too quick here this is Coutinho's range all day long Coutinho sets his sights Swansea now need to tread the line very carefully that's two of their deep line midfielders Jack Horford, Lille and Britain both in the book now Felipe Coutinho licking his lips at the Liberty straight into the Swansea wall Henderson over the top Firmino 1-1 Roberto Firmino coasting in behind and levelling the scores well initially the Swansea wall does its job they've got plenty of height on the wall here not the best from Coutinho and then they try to clear the penalty box the men in white is well on site as it comes back in could have taken a touch but gets enough on it Fabianski may be expecting a penalty box but it's not so he's got a lot of time to go to his left and he's done him on the narrow side instead they've ridden their luck at times Swansea now it really is game on they've got a lot of work to do now Well the free kick surrendered by Britain he went into the book from the resulting Coutinho strike into the wall his compatriot Firmino heads Liverpool he's got the ball now to the right hand side of the ball go up to Balliennent what a video he has got here in his green Manchester locker room dunk tomar he has come to moderator's table back on track here in south Wales it's got to be concerned for Francesco Grigolin that perilous situation with the yellow cards for those two midfielders, Britton and Port that I was just mentioning, David well, Keesong Young is on the bench he's the obvious replacement if there are any real fears that Idle's going to pick up a red that is a concern, short of the hour mark, isn't it the vulnerable legwork is wanting the first half Mane's got away here down goes Fabianski fair suddenly the snap and bite has been delivered by the guests here at the Liberty and Arlen, flying Milton thinks oh no T-backs off and Arlen runs into the box Mane Sturridge trying to drag it behind Henderson Reynaldo Coutinho well they're at it now, Liverpool well the manager approves and little wonder they've found an extra yard now, Liverpool lovely little lay-off here for Coutinho plays it, follows his pass half a yard the most wide but only one team playing at the moment and that's a side in red the red response is irresistible cue the next wave Mane Sturridge Milton back and here's Klein Reynaldo looks away by Van der Hoorn so good soon and they've got to give the back four a little bit more protection Swansea, you know so far it's been Britain sitting with Court and fair ahead they could do with two in front Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Routledge Coutinho blocks it Milner Rangel Oh he's gone through proudly Rangel Once and twice to take it away from Milner But back comes Mourner And here come Liverpool Lovren And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner And here comes Mourner Milner Soria match Mane Coutinho Firmino Goal Pinoch Goal Goal Pinoch Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Sturridge Mourner But in your Time and space I just can't get out those ones He can't get out those ones he could the ball to the left of the right hander. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. Well, no surprise there's going Well, no surprise there's going to be a change here and Moduvaro is going to come on. Something needs to change for Swansea or they're going to be blown away here. blown away here. blown away here. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. That's a good time. The graphic tells a story of The graphic tells a story of just how active Nathaniel just how active Nathaniel Kleiner is in the fast side at Kleiner is in the fast side at the moment. I'm not having a bit of trouble standing the tape down there. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . That's a bad challenge from Kyrie right in front of the assistant not quite sure how he missed that Ram moment of calm and what has been a frantic second half Here come Liverpool again Clyde Took it in brilliantly Once again Fabianski it is straight at him, but it's it's awkward takes a dip bounces just in front And he did well to take it in The best compliment you can give Fabianski today is that he's made the awkward look routine He has been called into service in the second half Barrow again losing out He's made up for it by getting back Milner away from van der Hoorn back to Mane William blocked there by Norton to get it behind for a corner Oh much to the relief of van der Hoorn who's clumsy in the edge of the box can't sort his feet out here Liverpool men over at the back post And Norton did brilliantly to get narrow He knows that was a real chance Little chances in the first half earlier triple we're at Toronto on the second some accord of the match remaining Starts Well, I think it's Kail Norton who's picking him up It's all man-to-man marking here for Swansea. That's Kyle Norton, just comes back a bit towards the penalty spot. He's got a lot to do from that range. Come on. Henderson. Sturridge. Underhand struggling again, but it's not costly on this occasion. There's nothing sticking for Swansea, nothing at all sticking. Can't find the striker. If they can't find him, they're going to struggle to get up the pitcher. Rona, thundering forward. Clyde. Down the right again. For Jurgen Klopp's side. Line to Mane. One out of them. Henderson. He adding a bit of midfield zest. He's still got the energy to run around a bit where the others have spent so much in getting Swansea into the lead in the first half. And now frantically trying to hold on to get something out of the match. Frankenstein. He's got to stay back on the pitch. Put right getting Strafford work up thealted. Whism Elizabeth has got nothing under her belt. Will Vardy familiar receive a party role? ino glasses. Virginia unit 5 and 2. suffering. UDTW. gets that card. Bo Blanc is one because the world's greatest king. Sun, Brazil. You get Davichi soup poured into the pot. On our Nike психotomy. A deber then, Jorge No deixeظła venirер o temperatilities. still the best part of 20 minutes to play and Francesco Guigli is going to make his third and final substitution Leroy Fair, who sets Swansea on the way with the first half goal, will make way here for the young Scottish midfielder Jay Fulton no reflection on first performance, he's had a good afternoon having legs and energy in an area where Liverpool needed, or Swansea needed against this Liverpool side so badly, Fulton his first Premier League appearance since Liverpool came here and lost at the start of May and he's straight into the action Fulton, they take it away from Coutinho and he's got it he's lost out, Wijnaldum Sturridge was in a whole load of space he was, he's screaming for it, Daniel Sturridge that was the pass, Wijnaldum didn't see him Simeone charge to be hit look like an irreJ쉬ble but Sturridge goes on the bench one more throw, 2 – 3 Oh my God, the number one chance for them Vlaro, the answer he's got That is yep his round now That was the record and strong yes shield with Kempe in that direction confuses the ball Sturridge very nearly getting it and Ballas slides in Aune Bieber be spot on looked as if he took plenty of the ball but i'm not sure he had to make the tackle that's indicative of the desperation with which swansea are holding on here still a long way to go one one melda with the corner climb this man took a big chance for me balls going out the box i was committed arguably with the wrong foot but fortunately enough for swansea got plenty on it really good run from their youngster there matched all the way by matted though this is why francesco bridal has gone for for better legs in the midfield now jeffrey making that offer front post playing in the premier league a product of the fulker academy this young man jay fulton barrow and they're up to birth wade there's fire bayward court of an out of bed maybe and uh whatever happens this hasn't been a performance from theashings side who found out that also has a lot of the power was to another level elevator on the scene and she justаю for indian indian airmen this'll constantly cleaning the barbed air away from the heatstack as if those were compensated by a huge win for him this hasn't been a performance from a swansea side who have lacked their own That last week being a hat play david and participated in indeed shallot bat is election week to win were shown atard puchina director dianne baraux's that manager is it you're dead right i'm not sure it could do much better than this against a very good side we've hung together hung in there communication breakdown at the back walker reflected behind such a good ball from sigurdson to elisa first time pass here from sigurdson this ball here and he's on his way into the box once again swan to get up for will and rest of the the other end of the pitch it really has been a siege this second half and a chance to prey on what they know as the liverpool weakness defending set pieces that's what they're looking for in the second half of the second half of the game that's what they're looking for in the second half of the game that's what they're looking for in the second half of the game avenue from which their first goal came paris nowhere near it plenty has been hit there either way he's misjudged it completely when he decides he's coming for that he's got to get something on it and he flaps got to get a fist on that when he comes that distance ends up underneath it it and then we'll look at the second game from the avid club and they're taking a hit but it was unconvincing at best from the goalkeeper brought in for just under five million pounds from mainz jürgen klopp's former club in the summer currently in possession of the number one jersey with simone minoula left on the bench for the second successive premier league game and then we'll look at the second game from the avid club the second half of the season and he's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net. He's got a lot of good players in the back of the net and he's got a lot of good players in the back of the net, hard work and he'll be hard work and he'll be more generally in the back of the net. net. net. They're really playing They're really playing well. well. well. Yes, every match warmed up warm up cold. warm up Eses Yo Yo Yo it's it's it's hot it's hot it's hot it's hot bitch it's it's hot bitter bitter Super Sunday looks like this tomorrow Tottenham against Manchester City as it stands the top two in the Premier League 1.30 Sky Sports 1 and following on the attention turns to Turf Moor Burnley against Arsenal from 4.15 also Sky Sports 1 Liverpool if they can find a winner here will split the top two will take them second two points off City two clear of Spurs in a week where so many have been talking about them as possible title contenders are Liverpool about to miss a trick here they came here to South Wales hoping to find a Swansea side down on their luck and feeling sorry for themselves they have been sorely disappointed continue they took a while to get out to the ball but eventually Jack Cork gets out to put the squeeze on that stage in the game where Swansea may be just a little bit laggy not pressing the ball as early as well as they were early on in the game and Washington so much expose its  And it's a penalty. That's a bouncer, the penalty error, but no one with a tank-touch on it. Sturridge first on the scene, blocked by Barrow. Coutinho, Milner, Legions of Red in the middle. Milner drops it in. Mane was coming in behind, but that's well away, as far as Milner. Orpo just prodding it away from Coutinho, but the respite is only temporary. This is a great effort by Swansea. Three getting forward to try and close down, put a bit of pressure on, and Barrow can bundle it out. Absolutely spot on. What you were seeing earlier, there's no evidence at all that these players have stopped for the manager. They've given him every ounce today. Milner, tried a trick to take him beyond Barrow. Barrow seems to have settled into the pace of the game now. Coutinho. He's got it. Go on, go on, go on. There to be attacked, but Morton able to defend it, Klein, Henderson. Reynaldum. Liverpool ready to make a change in a moment. Claudio Matt, committed to try and steal the ball, he has to get back at Mane here. Camino waits in the box, rang out. Go on. and Barrow combines a clear. He hasn't managed to do that, Barrow. This is awkward, this is Firmino. Oh, has he fouled that? He was, penalty. The creaking defence has given way. Just as he was getting ready to shoot, Firmino fouled, and Liverpool with a great chance to win this one now. Don't think there's much doubt about it. Barrow could have taken a touch there. Horribly sliced clearance, Bruce Swansea, and all sorts of bother. And Akhil Rankle just leaning in, clumsy. And Michael Oliver's got no choice there. Now let's mill the time for Liverpool again. Three goals this season, all from the spot. Two in his last match against Hull City. And it's a three-and-a-half-minute penalty. Milner steps up, and Milner delivers for Liverpool again. They've turned this one around at the Liberty. And Liverpool close in on a fourth successive Premier League win. Now, Mr Dependable himself, Francesco Guidolin, can't quite believe it. It looks as if it's slipping away after a terrific effort. This was a terrific penalty under pressure from James Milner. A little bit of hesitation, Fabian. He throws himself. And a little dink is enough to put Liverpool in the box seat with just six, seven minutes remaining of this. On an afternoon where they've found the going tough, and that's a credit to Swansea. They have found a way to do it, found a way to win. And we all know what those sort of characteristics mean in a side as the season goes on. Well done. That was on. One change already made by Liverpool. That was to the stricken Lallana in the first half. They've got two remaining, and they're going to make them both here. Emre Can and Thibaut Origi both on. Reynaldi and Firmino, all smiles as they make their way off. Henderson. Origi. Sturridge. Coutinho. Saved by Fabianski. Well, they're in the mood for more, Liverpool. And you wouldn't bet against them getting them. Van de Hoorn away. I think Coutinho has to take the shot on, even from the Tate angle. There's nobody else to hit in the box. Good ball in. Sturridge can't get there, but with his first touch, he has to take the shot on. Nothing else on for Coutinho. Well, in black and white, it will look like another defeat for Francesco, Guidolin and Swansea. In truth, it hasn't been like that at all as far as they're concerned. We'll look at back-to-back home defeats and the failure to pick up a home win. That doesn't make happy reading for a match that you felt even if it won, he might have been under pressure over the international break in terms of taking charge of Swansea's next match. What we do know is it's going to be a very long two weeks for Francesco Guidolin. Coutinho. Into Origi. And a tee-up, Sturridge. Up by a mat. And the referee got in the way as Emery Camac for closing. Origi. quiere gibbed frågor Let's go. It would be easier. investors Steve Kaplan and Jason Levine is there a wind of change that will blow through the Liberty Stadium over the coming days is this the last time that that man will take charge these are all questions that will be answered after this one we should put on the record here that Swansea have given him absolutely everything today but against this Liverpool side in the mood they've been in the second half it hasn't been enough by the look of things anyway brilliant Tom from Sturridge here's Chan trying to put it on Clayton Jack Court slid in could have gone anywhere and Lady Lacted smile on Swansea on that occasion you you maybe when Liverpool were lukewarm in the first they've been more than lively in the second yeah they certainly have they're well worth the loop no question about that it's a bit of an emmigrant the first half but they really have put Swansea to the to the sword in this second half found an extra gear when we wondered whether they had one extra gear when we wondered whether they had one we talked about it at half-time was it possible for Swansea to play any better in the second half than they did in the first even matching the levels problematic given what they'd invested that proved to be the case Liverpool have gone up a couple of notches and they'll go up a couple of places in the Premier League table splitting Manchester City and Tottenham who meet on Super Sunday tomorrow you you for the most part have raised the roof and rained goals they must be among the last people Francesco Guidolin wants to see coming to South Wales as the Wolves close in on their head coach without a Premier League win here all season so far in fact the last time they won here at home was back at the start of May against Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool that was in the midst though of a very congested end to the season came between those two Europa League semi-finals against Villarreal and the Liverpool side today pretty unrecognizable from that day in May I think we saw even that early filling again there Fabianski wanted to play the ball short wanted to build from the back but Liverpool's front three were so high we had to go on there encouraging early contribution from Borja in winning it but he's giving it away to Klein it left experiencing a tochera not to mention Walker hot goal had already missed 4.0 but that's a goal and algunos we're improving Rameh especially And the horn there in the near post area to hook it away. The pass to Lallana was a significant pass, nobody getting close to him. I think Leeroy Fair was closest, but didn't get tight enough on Lallana. You can't afford to allow Lallana to get something in that area of the pitch. Jordan Henderson, who did score the winner in what is Liverpool's only success in the Premier League on this ground. That came two seasons ago. The Liverpool coming here very much on song. Three Premier League wins on the spin. Four in six so far this season. And Jurgen Klopp has achieved much in his time at the club, which is coming up to one year. He'll celebrate his first year anniversary next week. Four Premier League wins on the spin. The bounce is not one of them. That could change today here. What? What? He's filling in that left back. He's tried a few tweaks and formations. Francesco Guidolin to try and get that elusive right formula. And he's had to look back to previous successes and bring Leon Britton back into a central role. And that's no surprise as he looks to recreate much of what was good about Swansea during their six years in the Premier League and even before that. See again, you have the ability to centre-back split. Looking for a shot, but Liverpool pressing the ball so high. Fabianski is going to have to go long in it. Here I say, it's a day where they might have could have done with Llorente up front, a real proper target man to hit and get them up the pitch. There, back to Jordi Amat. And they're looking for his compatriot, Volker Bastogne. He's picked himself up and he's bearing down on Lovren. Britton from you know, forward to back. It's gone near to Ravnic. Looking for handball there against James Muller. He's convinced it struck James Muller's hand in the win. Good ball from Britton to get him free on the right-hand side there. There's the Cameroon defender, Matty. Well won by Rangau. Rangau, outledged now for Swansea. He's got options as he looks for Volker. Well, that was a glorious chance. In the first five minutes for Volker Bastogne. Jürgen Skål has to score from that angle. It's a really good cross. Rangau with the decoy run here. Wijnaldum drops off. And it gives Routledge loads of time to pick his cross. And it's a wonderful delivery. I can only assume that Volker's up a little bit early here. He's mistimed it completely. Middle of the six-yard box, he has to do better. And he's up a lot of time, he's going to have to go in for a long period of time. But this is a good ball. He's going to have to go in for a long period of time. He's got to be careful here as well. He's got to be careful. Well, he's a player who came through the ranks on Atletico Madrid. Made his debut for the first team there at 18. And then his career was halted or the progression of it by a serious knee injury. He's had to endure or experience a few lone spells last season. Had it either way. He was prolific. And then he matched the goal tally of Gareth Bale. One short of the Real Madrid and Wales. to break their club record to bring him in come back by Matip Reynaldo Lallana and convincing defensive work it is away by Rankel who needed to mop up behind Van der Hoorn walk away but it'll come back at Swansea and it's a good sign Swansea press well and want it back now Sigurdsson no offside back here against Borja Routledge and Sigurdsson are the two in the middle back comes Milner and it's out of immediate danger by Lovren well that's encouraging for Swansea to be the broken Liverpool leader Sigurdsson played it early enough to keep Borja onside just onside I think and good run from the striker from in to out Liverpool eventually managed to crowd the ball but much better break from Swansea now is giving Liverpool a little bit of a taste of their own medicine stealing it in midfield and breaking Sigurdsson goes deep with the corner Van der Hoorn's in there and it's touch time by Leroy Fair eight minutes on the clock and Leroy Fair's at it again now 2 qualifications to bin unpack it not even picked up there there's nobody tight on him he's got all the time to get him back across the face of the goal and they're lining up to score here drops it into the mix may have come off a Liverpool player at the front post otherwise they might've been looking for offside Liverpool but it's a lovely nod to them and it was their game But it's a lovely knockdown from Boca. He's the man getting the goals for Swansea, his fourth of the season. And coming so hot on the heels of what was that Boca miss, that's a tonic indeed for Francesco Guidoline and Swansea City. Lallana, has Liverpool looked to respond straight away? Oh, this is much too easy, I'm sure, for Jurgen Klopp's liking. As it's come across, it's fair level, but it comes off Lovren here at the front post. There must have been very little in it in any case. A lovely knockdown from Boca at the back post. But there should have been more pressure on him, much more pressure at the back post. But come on, here's Liverpool, come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. Well, there's been so much to admire, hasn't there, Davy, about Liverpool this season, and that's that old area of concern at the back again, undone by a set piece. Now it's a clean sheet in the league, and that will continue whatever happens in the remaining minutes here. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. all the way to that afternoon. They hammered Aston Villa 6-0. That was back in February for the last time Liverpool got a clean sheet in the league away from home. Mane got in there ahead of Norton. It's under judge who have been fouling side of Mane. This must have been very tight. Some Liverpool players looking for offside here as it comes across. I think Firmino is deepest for Liverpool there and it plays fair onside. There's a touch from Loughlin as the ball comes across just here. I don't think the linesman can see that, but I think he's given Fir the benefit of the doubt from the first knockdown. Yes, Mane has Liverpool. It's not a builder response. By far a good composure from the Dutchman. That's the first time this season that Swansea have scored from a set-piece. They've played on Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool's Achilles' heel, if you like. Phil Pellegrini here to teach you another rematch in a rematch. They've got some playing ahead. Bryce Wright has 3, 2, 2 points, 6 Australia's형 war on offer this time. Oh, my God. Just out of time. Seems real crucial to see how he has the wings. Yes, but I think they dropped it in Nate 순 when he turned to Jan, which meant I said, I retreat around Spurs by now, so it doesn't mean you have to hear the whole about Kane wij promoting this little thing. press the gifted possession back that spells danger with Mane Lallana Klein Milner the flick from Lallana seeking Firmino swung to one offside it's not coming Firmino's cross a clearance from van de Hoorn this plays pass from Matic Mane this one's his recent record has been wretched they did achieve something that Liverpool didn't manage to do and that's uh get a premier league win at turf ball this season they started with the opener but since then it hasn't been a happy tale for defeats in the preceding five premier league games coming into today court closing down on Matic great pressure from Jack Court Matic not happening he may have a case here either way Jack Court's won 40 yards here to put the squeeze on it's a spirited start from Swansea 15 quick and fast mis surroundings 바�h did not Yale he were Laurie William 's be faster The goal already to his name, why not take the shot on? Those two gentlemen, Steve Kaplan and on the right, as you look at it, Jason Levine, the American investors. Hugh Jenkins, the more familiar face in the boardroom of Swansea City, the chairman. Reports in the newspapers across the nation, really, that he's been meeting Bob Bradley, the current American manager or the former American national manager. So far, so good. Francesco Cuidilin, Swansea here today. Mane, Firmino, offside. He's not happy, and certainly in that position, he shouldn't be cut offside. You can see the last defender. You can see right across the line. A bit of the ball from James Milner here, helped on by Firmino. Oh, very little in that. Oh, very little in that. Oh, very little in that. And the opening minutes here to prevent Liverpool getting into their stride. They're almost lost in a position where they could have been punished. They're quite deliberately making the challenge there to stop the game. The busier of the two, but they know there's a lot of football left in this. But they're not giving up. They're not giving up. something to hold on to FANS ROAR Liverpool do have precedence this season for falling behind and recovering the situation they did it in spectacular style on day one at the Emirates you might remember the only match they failed to score in the Premier League this year was that defeat away at Burnley and we know that Jurgen Klopp signed a match for anyone on their day but it's cutting out the blips like they saw at Burnley that are the things he needs to focus on of more immediate concern is an injury here to Adam Lallana he's caught with the front studs there off Leon Britton he's making an attempt to play the ball that's no consolation to the Liverpool man as soon as it was an impact injury you would expect him to be able to continue but it's that time of the season and the international manager to look on with concern with the two week international break up and coming after these weekend's fixtures Southgate set to name his England squad after tomorrow's games The Lallana still waiting to come the longest Alana still waiting to come on on this wide he's ready to do so Here he is now, Alana Firmino by Amata and this is Norton Lallana still has a problem here if that's the same injury that's a worry looked to be a pretty straightforward contact injury initially but clearly it's a problem Daniel Staric has stepped up his warm up so he looks like he'll be the man to replace Adam Lallana should he not be able to continue and it does look that way doesn't it Lallana making his way down to the dressing room Liverpool temporarily down to 10 play guys Jordi Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Lallana Not crispy Or the Klee I did not want to look at him Werner fte on Monday Night Football saying he wish he could make his players taller. Some things are beyond the managers. Norton. Sigurdsson. Dropping it in for Cork. A very decent effort. Really difficult when it's coming over his shoulder like that. Sigurdsson as usual picks the right ball here, beautifully weighted. On the stretch Jack Cork's got a little bit too much to do. Lovren. Running wide for Milner. Heavy touch on him allows Ratlidge to score. A very big foul. Liverpool's number seven. Michael Oliver the referee here. Quite protracted preparations at Daniel Sturridge to come on almost complete. McAtherin gets a groin injury, the reason for Adam Lallana's early exit. It's got to be a major concern ahead of the England squad announcement. Jack Cork again leading the press and the way they're playing at the moment Swansea he's got a lot of freedom to to go and join in with the striker. Norton has played Mane onside here. Firmino. Sigurdsson helping out. Frank out. Lacazette with a full dieser now. An interesting kill there555 of Talbot. It's not an easy match for Liverpool exactly. Lovren sits there just to midfield from the ball but stillؤ , T Briefie, an catch for R looked to save that role. Well done by ... Ch ethical it Cork' on tackle. Sexy. The Cav is mix up the two Bruno challenges. Prime waiting for Scioli to go about it. That plays well. Here comes Fernando. This goes for Sabrina. define the beginning line at bought reign at the right moment. I already have a question question. The ALA T. Yeah, give me it! Snow just slotted into a centre-forward position. Oh, that was... Took a long time, it took a long time, the linesman. Jordi Amat stepped up immediately. Not quite sure why the linesman took so long. See Amat here, number two. He knows he's got his angle spot on there, he couldn't quite believe it when he looked over to see the flag down. Halfway through the first half, Liverpool have lost a goal and they've lost Adam Lallana. Sturridge on. And if the past is anything to go by, he loves playing against Swansea. Four goals, two assists in six games against them for Liverpool. Coutinho's dropped into that midfield three, Firmino now playing left side with Daniels, Sturridge... ..playing as a proper number nine. Swansea in their sixth Premier League season now, and they've made their worst-ever start after six games, four points harvested so far, and made a very solid start here. THEY CHANT And could that batter have caught Fowle off the ball there by Henderson, who might be in trouble, Michael Oliver wants to work with the Liverpool captain. Again, at the moment the ball was played into Bocca, Jack Cot was on his way, he's the one of that central three who's been encouraged to go and get in touch with the striker, go beyond him. I feel as though this is an accidental clip here, Cot getting into good space, yeah. Jordan Henderson knows exactly what he's doing here. Knows his wrong side. Sigurdsson takes, what an inviting one, and it's another golden opportunity for Bocca, and another one that goes wide. I think he's expecting Lovren to get his head in there, just a wonderful ball in from Sigurdsson. THEY CHANT Might have been offside, I think he's gone early there, Bocca, he sees it very late, didn't know anything about it, but I think he was offside when he played. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Norton. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Hitting pressurised by Coutinho, robbed by Coutinho, Sturridge to his right. Can he pick him out? He's checked out the run there, Daniel, Sturridge realised that he was running away, he wanted it earlier. One slack touch from Leon Britton here almost proves costly. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT He's trying to pull out to Sturridge, he knows he's going to be offside if he receives it. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT One slack touch, Northam skipping away. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Coutinho and Milner Firmino Firmino's cross, met by Jordi Amat Van der Hoorn in for Sigurdsson now Firmino and Mané Mané trying to turn it around the corner still got it here Mané frantic defending by Swansea there goes Mané, might have been a nudge in his back still they can't get it away and Bair with a chance to do just that and he's fouled by his great friend Jorginho Wijnaldum look Leon Britten took a big chance trying to make the tackle from the wrong side looked a bit clumsy here terrific feet initially from Mané Britten comes in here from the wrong side give the referee a decision Michael Oliver doesn't want to know relief there for Swansea all round he went up very high there at Lawton and Mané has given away the free kick for his part in that incident Mané has hurt himself in that corner he's going to have to come out the landing Mané just eases in here makes a bridge for him only ice for the ball there taking the one down Boulogne and Lovren is in front very well work back to Ratledge Lovren is across well read really good wood from Lovren really good pace of Ratledge determined that the ball wasn't coming into the box did really well to close it out cheers cheers cheers cheers cheers It looked like it might have gone out, but the system didn't see it that way. It's cleared away. Storage fouled by Van der Hooy. The centre-back always looked favourite here as the ball's played long there from Jordan Henderson. Turning back in a little bit. Reynaldo. Firmino. I think for Clyne, but only finding Lawton. Half an hour played. Leroy Fares, fourth goal of the season, separates the sides. Storage. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Man, I couldn't work it beyond Sigurdsson. Come on! Come on, guys! Liverpool having the better of the action areas, but I think much of that down to Swansea being prepared to drop off at times. Make sure the ball's being passed in front of them. So far, it's worked pretty well. Come on, guys! And Francesco Guidolin might feel his side should be too ahead. The chance that Borja had early on really should have been in the back of the net. In defence of Borja, that second opportunity he had from the Sigurdsson free kick, had it gone in, he would probably have been flagged for offside. He was certainly in an offside position when he headed it. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I think it's fair to say, David, that Lucas Fabianski and the Swansea goal might have expected to have been a little busier than he has been so far. here's Coutinho I think it's dead right Bill, you know the first five minutes very worrying for Swansea to be Liverpool were moving the ball but since then it's all been happening in front of Swansea much the busier of the two where it really counts No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no The meaty challenge by Nathaniel Klein on Filthy Sigurdsson It's been a mixed bag of the morning weather-wise here in South Wales heavy showers and a little bit of sunshine threatened to keep out. It's been a mixed bag of a performance so far for Liverpool, who haven't really been able to hit the heights that they have done in recent weeks. Five against Hull, albeit 10-man Hull for the most part, and that wonderful win at Chelsea in their last away game. Reynaldo. Firmino. Klein. Very important block. The guy, Jordi Amat. It certainly was, because Kyle Norton initially just drawn to the ball. He's really narrow here, he's out the game now, tries to make the block, can't make it. Good cover at the front poster. First Liverpool corner, with 10 first-half minutes left to play. Henderson will take. Coutinho. Lovren. Lovren. Fares out, trying to carry it out, but he's given it straight back to Milner. Klein's last man back here. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. GOLDEN. OOOHHHHH! Loose pass, switch Liverpool move loudly. Towns above. Sturridge, hoisted high, up towards Mane. Sigurdsson, back to help out for Swansea. Klein. Henderson, looked at Fielder. Henderson looked to thread it through. Notch in the back from Coutinho, and a great kick for Swansea. Beautiful little dink over the top there from Nottingham to find the striker. He's quite happy he's fouled here. On the front foot because of a poor pass from Ranke earlier initially. Not the best cross from Daniel Sturridge. But eventually Swansea managed to throw the ball, as they have done pretty well so far in this game. Sigurdsson, Borja. Sigurdsson, and invited Ranke to join the attack. Kerr. Britton. Clyde. And Clyde was sliding in there on Jack Cork, and Cork went in a little heavily, that's why he's been booked. The pass does Jack Cork no favours, it's light for him, he's always getting their second. And a nothing area of the pitch. He might live to regret that. Been a terrific job pressing the ball so far, Jack Cork, he's been all over the pitch. He's won a piece in terms of Yama Codd, that's Jordan Henderson, booked for Liverpool, and now Jack Cork for Swansea. That's it, value of movement by him to try and pick out. Sturridge. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR On the ground with Routledge buzzing around, and he's been penalised for simulation now. The ignominy of a free kick and now a yellow card for Daniel Sturridge. Only Daniel Sturridge knows how much contact there was here. Routledge trying to help out at the back. Wim Routledge's arm is up, but surely not enough to put the striker on the floor. I think if he wants to stay up there, he can stay up. Good bust into the channel. I think Michael Oliver's got it right. So on for the striker, Lallana Sturridge goes into Michael Oliver's foot as the sun breaks out and Klein breaks forward. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Number one getting in in front of Sturridge. Curious ball from Borja, looked like it might spell trouble. This might be gifted to Coutinho. Mane now, what a challenge that is. Brilliant from Amat, but the danger's not clear. Sturridge. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR There'll be a corner touched when the Dutch defender... Terrific block from Amat, because he's not expecting the possession to turn over. When the ball's played forward, he's got a couple of yards to make up there, he did brilliantly to stop the shot. Look at the body Swansea are trying to get behind the ball. Lovely ball into the channel, terrific piece of defending. And Swansea hold on to their lead until half-time. Liverpool asking questions. Norton. And he glances it away. Assures it will be a throw in the corner rather than the corner. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Sturridge, to Henderson. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR And he's got it in the corner, he's got it in the corner, he's got it in the corner. That's the ball. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR And it's in the corner. And it's in the corner. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Sturridge. To Henderson. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Lovren. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Lovren. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Excellent Swansea pressure forcing Liverpool back to Karius. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR We've got to press together the Swansea, a lot of energy didn't waste it. Bocca going to press on his own. The ball just being passed around him. What he do as a unit. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Mané, because he's got the feeling of Norton, he's right. But not of Amatou, chested behind. And so quick, Mané, from a static position, he is so quick on the bus. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Big four to five minutes coming up for Swansea here, who'll be desperate to get in that worst 1-0 up. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Signs that Liverpool are really starting to come to life in this match. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Anderson delivers. It's Lovren, it's Firmino, it's blocked. And Faryansky can gather. And a good block again. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR Matic is completely unmarked here. Big centre-back gets himself to the front post, nobody near him. Unfortunately enough, Bocca got the first glance on it. Otherwise, Swansea might have been in bother. FOOTBALL FANS ROAR FOOTBALL FANS ROAR RALPH GIR pineapple These two sides will be very interested in events here today. The top two in the Premier League, Tottenham and Manchester City, meet 1-30, Sky Sports 1, as 1st part of Super Sunday, converted against Arsenal, the second part from quarter stiff, Here's Mane, behind Firmino. Here's G phone scorer for Swansea. Dealing Radledge he's giving it back to his hosts Britain and free kick I don't think Ronaldo could do that really yeah he did brilliantly on Britain it looked for a moment as if it was getting away from him managed to get a really early touch on the ball and even from this range you'd be surprised if Gylfi Sigurdsson doesn't try to get something on target here he saw Francesco Guido in there his players are certainly putting in a shift for him today they have one goal against Liverpool they could have had more chances have been squandered and with the quality that this man has yes this certainly represents another opportunity Sigurdsson Paris nearly made him the end of it took a big dip right in front of him that's why he might have got out of his gloves for a moment huge dip at the last moment Milner G Jungle and G for half a gift and we know padaloo an important field goal there he gets ahead trips He will probably be the last man to make the rest of home play he'll bounce forward but it takes Car 오� Fellows manage to come through, He's lucky during these international times he's become a great player Sturridge, another go from Amat, he got back at him. Might have just had a little bit of his shirt there. Yeah, he got a little bit too tight initially, Amat. Ended up being spun there by Sturridge, but was quick enough again to stop it coming in. Come on, come on! Come on, guys! Come on, lads! Get tight, get tight, come on, Moja! Captions by Red Bee Media