it's the Premier League's lowest scorers against the highest, fifth bottom against third from top and yet not many will be expecting a routine night at the Riverside for Liverpool one point from their last two games, a defence that's conceded four more than Middlesbrough this season and previous trouble on Teesside where they've not won in seven visits could make this an insightful evening Neil McKay yeah absolutely, I think Jurgen Klopp will be looking to try and obviously get back to you anyways but they can't be too wide open, although this Middlesbrough side are well organised and pretty compact they do have players with the explosive nature to go and exploit Liverpool if they leave too many gaps I see Negredo and Traore out in that wide position, if they get him the ball then he could cause bother and that is by a lucky four Traore, back into the team today to add an extra attacking edge for the early signs in that respect are promising yeah well he's hugging that far touchline yeah well he's hugging that far touchline there, if they get him the ball then he's going to be one on one he's absolutely rapid when he gets up to speed it's just his final ball at times lets him down the travelling Middlesbrough fans at the weekend were calling for his introduction throughout the second half Karankar had left him on the bench until the last ten minutes it's in for Stuani from the start in the early corner for the home side in front of a Walkers Riverside it would be Victor Fischer to take it that's a fairly comfortable clearance in the end for Adam Lallana it's a fairly comfortable clearance in the end for Adam Lallana open the scoring inside the first five minutes of the weekend against West Ham on his return to the team from a calf injury suffered on international duty no Emre Can available in that midfield no Sturridge or Coutinho either Liverpool front six is really picking itself just now it's the defence coming under pressure having come under such scrutiny this week it's the defence coming under pressure having come under such scrutiny this week just about get away with that one yeah pretty frantic start to the match Liverpool not quite composed themselves as yet Liverpool not quite composed themselves as yet says Wijnaldum to launch it long, a little too long in the end straight through to Victor Valdez and whilst the spotlight has been on the Liverpool goalkeeping situation Eti Karankar was only prepared to talk about his own custodian Eti Karankar was only prepared to talk about his own custodian he goes in between the lines ofする 들어 So far Amadeu Mane has played mostly from back which boxing rather n bad a bit shorter period on the third work That's about all that shared What are you doing to this phone number has changed I'm looking with my windows no water how you had to see a review on the zone I'm looking with my windows no water how you had to see a review on the zone charging through the centre of the goals. Back by Lallana here. Before the captain takes over, Jordan Henderson. Point playing. The only two ever presents in this Liverpool side in the Premier League this season. Henderson looks for Roberto Firmino. He might yet be able to pick up the pieces. Starting wide on the left again. He's been moved onto that wider role because of the injury to Coutinho. Origi playing through the centre. There is Divock Origi challenging for this. It's Wijnaldum to tear up for Henderson. I thought we were going to see Henderson shape one like he did at the weekend. Terrific save to stop Liverpool getting three points. They've worked this well. There's Wijnaldum with Origi in the middle. It's cut out by the captain. Behind by Ben Gibson for the first Liverpool corner. That structured shape of Middlesbrough is going to be really tested this evening. Watching Liverpool warming up. They use almost the whole team and it's all about different shapes, different movements, darting into areas. They've been such a threat from set-pieces all season. Have Liverpool scored more than anybody else in the top flight? Henderson with this one. And towards Sadio Mane. They won't get the chance to try again. It's gone for the goal kick. That look has a thousand words. There's another one going on. And again for good measure. That tells the story, doesn't it? Listen, I think it's good management because taking the goalkeeper out of the firing line and keep him in there, he continues to make mistakes. Not only does his own confidence suffer, the team suffers. And then you end up losing him for maybe two or three months before you can get any way back. So I think it's a decent call. One made easier, he said, by the form of Mignolet in training. And in a couple of league cup games where he's gone back into the team. Six goals conceded in the last couple of games, hence the recall for the former Sunderland man. BirKsel的zzle, in order for Mignolet to be re- cafes, in the player teams and teams against football. So just to double check doctors periods, Originally, doctors, doctors' minutes, and medical records. But nevertheless, the best thing is it's an Akidya plan. Chambers working it wide for Barrahan. He's now played against Liverpool as often as he played for them in his solitary season on Merseyside as a teenager in that one appearance in a Champions League qualifier. Well a risky pass with a full-back right out the game. This is Lallana. He's got a bit of room in which to work here. Invited really to take the shot off. I think it was Callum Chambers threw his body on the line there. Well being so well organised all season Middlesbrough under Antetokounmpo. As they were with 22 clean sheets in the Championship last season. Liverpool trying to provide a step up in terms of a test that they're facing tonight. Nobody has beaten Middlesbrough badly this season. Nobody's played them off the park have they? Well as... As realising your strengths Phil. You come up to the top division. You know you're probably not going to enjoy the lion's share of the ball. So you have to get things right to the back. Be strong. Don't get a lot away and try and grab something at the other end. I know it sounds obvious but it's something that Middlesbrough are doing very very well. Only Chelsea, Tottenham and Southampton have let in less goals than Middlesbrough in the Premier League this season. The problem of course has been at the other end. It has come at a cost. As they are the league's lowest scorers. And the Riverside have seen the joint fewest goals of any top flight down this season before tonight. Maybe before the top flight's top scorers rolled into town. But it's Middlesbrough advancing. Fabio in towards Victor Fischer. Dealt with by Dayan Lovren. Well listen we're speaking about how organised they are but they're not... They're not a defensive side. They open up. Fabio's almost playing as a left winger there. They are trying to stretch the game. FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR dalam chambers there also goal scorer for oscar on the opening game against liverpool the start of this season before his year-long loan move Some vendors don't take a ranker how happy he is with the developments obvious player so far this season playing in his preferred position at center-back some drawing plays that on forward looking for trial right my two with tight through the touchline this time I think it's by Firmino. Perhaps hasn't been as effective in the last couple of games since being switched wider. He's kept that one in play, or has he? The other argument is that the top knot is gone and with it has his prowess in front of goal over the last couple of games. I'm delighted it's gone, let's be honest. A couple of games without a goal and the Liverpool fans will be calling for its return, I'm sure. I'm sure you get clip-on ones for Christmas, Phil. I'll try all right. We'll just start. They may be here to make something happen. The player that Ito Karanki was speaking about before the game, explaining why he didn't bring him on earlier, actually, at the weekend. He said that he's still got an awful lot to learn. He's doing that very quickly. He still makes mistakes, still needs to learn discipline on the field, is the way that he put it. But he's given him the chance here. Fabio will advance from full-back. If it's Birkeneyte, he'll be simulate the avalanche. In it. Arctic Intruders As well. Jahaan Schl Californian Jahaan is coming round. Pощip Olímpas Undertaker Noel Magchi Publicity O Matías Knowledge Experience Rehearsal Something else. Can he watch a football match? when he first got the chance with Manchester United. Guido dispossessed. Henderson has just kept it in. Or has he not? A little late, the decision. I'm not sure if we get Hawkeye on this line, have we? Because it's not insane. Leesman waited an awful long time to give that decision. It looked out from here, but Henderson played on until the whistle was blown. Was it all out? Yeah, I think it is. In the end up, it doesn't matter how long it takes, as long as you get there. Launched long by Chambers. That will fall for Traore. James Milner might have his hands full tonight. It is not a natural left back, but I think the general consensus has been outstanding in that position. But Traore is better when he's picking the ball from deeper positions. If you get him deeper in possession of that ball and he runs it, James Milner, then you're right. I think he could be in for a tough night. I think it was the Chelsea game here a few weeks ago. Twelve dribbles recorded more than any player in the Premier League for the last five years. That's the only thing he's got. I think he's got all the power in the world. He's got all the power in the world. He's got all the power in the world. I think he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. There's Caviello who will tease it through. Well, then taking no chances as he guides that one back to Mignolet. They haven't really tested yet. For sure trying to foray forward. That's crowded out of it in the midfield. Liverpool fantasy youngster. Former Everton player, of course. Two first-team appearances on the other side of Stanley Park. And now a key figure in this Middlesbrough midfield. . Speaking of Stanley Park, the Merseyside derby next up for Liverpool on Monday night after this. . Still trying to settle their way into this one tonight. . And a long one. . And quite hit their strides yet. . No, they haven't. And because they are so compact, the full back four is shuffling across. . And James Miller, twice now, has been wide open on the left wing for a switch. . . I'm pretty sure, I'm sure. . That's what Jürgen Klopp is telling them to do. . . . . . . from West Ham period pre Christmas that many Liverpool fans would have circled in the diary is that a chance really to push on and launch a title challenge happens yet we will pull it back with Henderson down their own just cotton late an awful lot of net that certainly enough to bring a free kick from John Moss just as it goes to play there then nasty one just on the side of the foot there's Henderson again this deeper lying wrong this season so much goes through the captain there's Lovren was a doubt tonight he came off a half-time against West Ham suffering cramps in his hamstring they didn't want to take the chance for him to play the second 45 at the weekend despite the Croatian insisting that he could it's Matic that misses out through injury tonight at the back instead there's Roberto Firmino chasing to try and keep the danger alive here point is intended but Milner helping him out yeah Adam Clayton got a crucial little touch on that Firmino had rolled on but Mackenzie as well from the gang Gate the back to a damn lovely content to sit deep just at the moment might be a familiar feet just opened up because we fought for that one to go it got a couple of stuff but those are just questions back to you it's in West Ham want to speak can't we ask the question up for Adam Lallana. Only for a split second. There's Henderson. Everybody bar Negrado back behind the ball. Henderson again and Divock Origi is offside. Yeah, very organised again, isn't it? Great concentration from the Middlesbrough back four. Origi just trying to bend the run. Steps in. It's a good call. From the linesman. Fantastic call. Liverpool just need to move it a little bit quicker. Try and break the shape. He's been the beneficiary of Coutinho's injury. Divock Origi with a little run in the starting line-up. He's scored in his last four appearances. 50th game for Liverpool tonight for Divock Origi. Fabio will get to that first. This is Fischer under pressure. Now there's Ben Gibson. A bit of extra intensity to the high press from Liverpool. Could it cost him at the other end? Now Super Bowl favouring Dan Lovren off Victor Fischer on that occasion. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Guido letting it run for Fischer in behind him. Feels he's getting to grips with the pace of the Premier League now since his summer arrival from Ajax. Third successive start. He played 90 minutes for the first time at the weekend. Yeah, he had a chance as well, didn't he? It does take time to settle onto the team. Different style of football as well, you would say. but the biggest thing is the opposition and the pace of the game here. That's for sure. And he switches it on to that right foot to get the shot away. One back by Fabio. He had a study O'Mahony. And he will take it on. All looking to open his middlesbrick out. Last goal actually was at the riverside. Stunning strike for Cardiff last season. Yeah, well, I think Negredo had pulled away on the back of Clava and just looking for it to be shaped. And manually did well. First real test of the evening. Couldn't spill it. Certainly increased the volume levels again. Foot on target from Fabio. Must be back doing his day job maybe here. Liverpool probing in possession again. This is good. Clavid. Milner. Dining with his captain Henderson with the space to deliver the cross-field ball for his England colleague Nathaniel Clyde. Sadio Mane. Usually the one to make something happen in those sort of situations. Little luck in the referee's direction. Absolutely correct decision. I think Mane realises he's losing his balance and dived onto the floor. Clavid stepping out from the back again before Wijnaldum takes over. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. That's Clyde. And he will get it back from Sadio Mane. Clyde with the cross. Not only as far as Milner and still James Milner. Now Wijnaldum minutes very quickly getting the bodies back behind the ball again. Ulrike. That defence doing its job. Yeah. Yeah, you're absolutely spot on, Phil. It's how quick Middlesbrough react. They might have got done with a little chop inside from Milner, but didn't react so quickly. Just straight out into the faces of the Liverpool players, shutting any space down, any opportunity for a shot. Yeah, I'm just watching John Moss having a little discussion with Mane. And as I said, I think he gets it spot on. There's a little scoop here. And there's a little dive across Fisher. Close to the penalty line. No question. That is a correct decision from John Moss. Well done. There's Fulshaw again. Going to pull the strings. Finding Fabio to advance from fullback. Fisher ahead of him. Climb with what to do here. Still Victor Fisher. Just taken off him by Glove and Fabio to return it and ask further questions of that defence. Good defender from Glove. Clavant. Might be the counter, but Mane's not quite going to get on the end of that. Well, great play from Fisher. He had a subtle little block on Fabio just to create a space for himself. But Clavant came across and covered up the danger. Clicked by Negredo to Traore. Two changes to the team tonight combining here for Middlesbrough. Here goes Traore. First chance really to run at James Milner. Yeah, well, there you go. James knows he's not going to run him. At least keep up with him. Just body checks. This is what this young man's all about. Sees the grass behind the fullback. Knocks it and goes. He'll get one shot at that, I think. That's what Moss is telling him. That's the message for Milner, isn't it? From the referee. The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! Traore, a player who says that he doesn't know how quick he is over 100 metres, but he doesn't know of any player in world football that's quicker. Which has seen what he might be able to bring to this Middlesbrough team coming forward. Winning the free-kick, which Adam Fulshaw stands over. Very good. Very good! Very good! Very good! Very good! for sure to take it's a deeper delivery Gibson gets his head to it and Mignolet caught into action again yeah and the second time he's held on to it with Negredo sniffing around for seconds it's Ben Gibson he's up he's big maybe he just takes a little bit of deflection to take the pace out of it but again Mignolet down sharp holds on to it for his first ever Premier League goal against Tottenham in defeat here earlier in the season Ben Gibson back in the at the heart of the back four again here is Liverpool advance Caron up against Lallana oh John Moss needs a bigger studs in house from Luton and joy to Prof derecho well done Rex one last one this values is Cameron no it's okay so does race from Emina see but deal with both of it you could see there when aldum just takes a piece of the Ben Gibson header job done he can do is watch on but he's doing a lot of that just at the moment painful for carious you it was quite sexy his replacement that's a carrying that one out of the penalty area just about hangs on in the nick of time but he's got a lot of that in the back of his head Camino coming into a more central position again just at the moment finding out why now them now client thanks Liverpool fullback so far forward with being used to seeing that all season demands of the job according to both client and Milner very different under Jurgen Klopp than any other Premier League fullback really hence the fact he didn't study anybody else when he was asked to play the role at the start of the season according to Milner and then he was asked to play the role at the start of the season according to Milner he put it on in the pitch but the system screw's going to be dinner colleagues a and really has been laid down's a Liverpool to try and force their way through the final client to jordan Henderson it's Milner again really important night for Liverpool we were top of the table going into the last international break now six points behind Chelsea and kickoff this evening on 15 games unbeaten in all competitions until that surprising 4-3 setback the manner of it at Bournemouth in their last away game could be potentially damaging if they find the winning habit quickly again said before the game to Jurgen Klopp that it's difficult to know how to approach a match against Middlesbrough because they tend to switch up their style depending on who they're playing not be too surprised by how it's gone so far though as they want to get a Ricky in behind Troy as he turned into trouble he has in a kicker time he didn't in that lunatics to shut the door on him again when I think it's it comes to money well that's one here just decreasing on Alden he doesn't always I think it's Adam Clayton to get out and make the block. Coming back in there. Fair play to the midfielder. He's working back into that defensive position. Then he snaps into the challenge. Action off the coach. Summing up the story so far, though. Get us down with a missed opportunity for Liverpool. Now Traore in more familiar, comfortable territory as far as he's concerned. Yeah, well, his virtual opponent is a right full-back and he has to do that. I've been speaking about the way Liverpool are playing. And he'll make no apologies about how Middlesbrough are playing. They're here to do a job on Liverpool. They're asking questions. Can you break us down? And so far, they haven't been able to do it. Very few sides have, really, at the Riverside this season. Eighth home game. Of the campaign. And they've only conceded six goals here so far. And they've only conceded eight at home in the entirety of the promotion-winning season in the Championship. So it's not as if Karanka has changed his approach in the Premier League. Everybody knowing their jobs. Has Liverpool come again? This is Clyne. On the stretch, but delivers the cross. Stop it! And it's a great finish from Adam Lallana. And Liverpool have their lead. Well, I'm speaking about the switch, Phil. And Middlesbrough are working so hard to shift over to one side, get the full-back for a cross. But what that does is allow the wider full-back to get into an area, if he gets possession of the ball, to put in quality. And doesn't Clyne just do that? This is a wonderful ball. Touched out of him. Might be a little bit straight, but he whips it into an area. And he's begging to be. Attacked. And like so many times before, Adam Lallana times his run ever so well. And bang, that is a real solid header. Doesn't try anything fancy. Doesn't really try to direct it. Just get meat on it. Put it on target. And that is a wonderful goal. They have their reward. And again, it's Lallana who scores it, just as against West Ham at the weekend. It's Adam Lallana that gives Liverpool the lead. Made by his former Southampton colleague, Nafis. Nathaniel Clyne. Fifth of the season for Lallana already. That's one more that he managed in the whole of last year. Yeah, he's been a pivotal player for Liverpool. And England, you have to see. That's poor. That's just giving away an opportunity for Middlesbrough. James Milner just trying to cushion it back to Mignoli. The biggest problems at the weekend came after going in front when the mistakes began to creep in. Concentration is required here. A mix-up between Milner and Mignoli. Can Middlesbrough punish it? Foreshore again to take the corner. Up goes Gibson. It's just behind Chambers. Fabio. Well, maybe the counter-attack. Mane, though, couldn't get the better of Adam Clayton. Ferran will slip it through for Fischer. And it might open up for Middlesbrough here. Fires it in. Mignoli is there to make the save. That's a save. And a brilliant stop, Phil. It really is. Because I think everyone on the ground is expecting Fischer to smash this across goal to the gradle. But he doesn't. He just puts the laces on it and almost does Mignoli at the near post. He looks up inside. He doesn't look at the goal. That is a real smart effort. But a top stop. And here comes another corner. And as a result of that, again, it's dealt with. There's been a response from the home side to falling behind. Very swift response. For sure again. Ferran's made the run. Used his hand, I think. Right in front of the assistant referee. Well, just speaking about the team, the team is in a very good position. Well, just speaking about Carranca giving this man a few questions to answer about breaking the side down. And they did it very, very well. They used a wide area of the pitch so, so brilliantly. It stretched the game. He'll be a little bit happier now. Applying. See what he can do when he gets out of the way. No, he doesn't. He's out. He's out. No, he's out. That's one thing he can be proud to do when he gets into the sort of territory to deliver the cross. This play won't be something that Kinguttering's been trying to do when he gets into the sort of territory to deliver the cross. Cleaned it out of it this time, especially when he comes away with it. Doesn't get too far with it. And lovely try to wriggle his way. Nice good play. Liverpool pressing and probing Victor Valdez hadn't really had too much to do before picking that one out of the back of his net a few minutes ago this is Barrahan it's a full shot and now Clayton in that anchor midfield role this season that he says he's relishing he's found Fabio fish it to Fabio again Adama Traore as soon as he gets the ball at feet there's a couple surrounding him continuing to prove a real handful here there though there might be a change of set piece taker here Fulshaw's been over most of them Fisher's getting involved in the conversation but not for long no shortage of targets in that congested penalty area in by Fulshaw up the middle of the net up the middle of the net up goes Gibson it'll fall for Clayton it's a hit and hope how's your luck? yeah Lovren takes one don't know where he took it got himself in the way one way or the other as he needed to do didn't he Diane Lovren here goes Fabio again yeah I think Liverpool are really slow in getting out to the clearance dealt with the header first of all but didn't rush the ball drops to Clemenceau they where coin so does Watkins went to hold in it he's sour reached out listened yeah the bat Reacted that's my research brilliant bringing the ball through look at Clemenceau is it close it was oh I'd said out great top cue where did we go I got the wrong pitch it was a given ever I'm looking I'm strong overall I get the ball incredible Luke cook man this game he's heading out of the his wall a goal close pull see just shoot 봐 ball Well, this might clear things up. Lovren, as the shot comes in from Clayton. He's not looking at... That's him on the forehead. Might have just clipped a hand, but certainly no intention in it. CHANTING CHANTING Mane, back to Lovren. Liverpool trying to revert to type in terms of the pattern of play. Welsborough having much more possession over the last five minutes than it. And he's dozed it again, having gone behind 60% of it. Origi just running out of room. Well, Joel Matip did make the trip, as you can see, to Teesside, but not involved because of an ankle injury. Kept him out against Bournemouth as well a couple of games ago. Taking his seat behind some Liverpool legends. Kenny Dalglish. Ferry McAllister to his left as well. I think they have missed Matip this season when he's not been involved. Well, a space for Wijnaldum to surge into. Didn't last long. No, Traore's too never-so-well working back, being part of that defensive shape that Middlesbrough get into on counter-attacks. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING They're trying to turn away the head of steam. This will hit towards half-time. Lallana here, the man that's made the difference. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Well, Klavan's having to get used to a couple of different ways of playing. He's got to get used to a couple of different central defensive partners. Came on for Lovren at the weekend, in for Matip alongside Lovren tonight. They could be stretched here. Negredo was the target for Martin Dero. A difficult one for Negredo to take. He'd already turned his back on the run. Wanted the pass to be slid down the side. Dero just plays it. It's the curl-on that takes it in behind him. Henderson just getting caught in possession. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Victor Fischer doubling up as he has to do. Done a lot of that this season. It's taken the most getting used to, he said, since he came into the Premier League. And so Negredo wins the free kick for Middlesbrough. CHANTING Yeah, good roll from Negredo. Big, powerful, lovely touch. Klavan won't worry too much about that. CHANTING CHANTING formation where they're rotating their roles further forward. A little bit of space there for Traore, he's got the beating of Henderson. Adama Traore with a couple to aim for in the middle. It's Victor Fischer, it's behind him. It's foreshore! It's as close as Middlesbrough have come, blocked behind for the corner. Yeah, well there's a blistering pace for Traore out in that right wing. I thought he'd missed the chance, he's a notch past Henderson. They have just put it in there, but he didn't, he then wanted to take on Klavan. And it's a good ball into the box. And it's like Llanos walking back, gets the block. Another little glimpse of what he can do as the corner comes in, and it's claimed by Simon Mignolet. And he releases it very quickly. That distribution actually is one of the things that Karius himself has said he's been struggling to get to grips with in the Premier League, as he's used to it with Mites in the Bundesliga last year. He sees it, and Mignolet very quick to release the ball, but Middlesbrough have it back again here. For the danger man Traore. Almost to stop him. Well at times you need a tranquilising gun to stop him when he's on top form, and in that pace. As I said, when he's in space to run, that's when he becomes a real live wire. He never started a Premier League game for Aston Villa last season. His first experience of English football. Having more of a run since he made the move on deadline day. There's the road. Another of Middlesbrough's summer signings. Certainly strengthened since promotion. For sure wasn't getting a regular game in the Championship. That's all changed in the top flight. As Clayton will slip it through. Full trial rate. Cavaniere is well manned, and the cross doesn't come. Yeah, well this is where I was speaking about when he lets himself down with the final ball. He needs to work on that. He had an opportunity to put it in early. He's got to identify when the space is starting to close down. When to release it. But he's got so much potential. And under this man he'll be encouraged to keep on doing it. Keep on doing it. He said yesterday at the press conference when asked about Traore's limited role at the weekend. His job is to win games, to analyse opposition and training sessions. Not to watch the highlights reel of Adama Traore. But maybe he's felt the two could be married up tonight. Yeah, he's been a key figure for Middlesbrough when they have come forward. And ten by Milner. Yeah. Henderson forward. I thought Firmino was his target. It will come for Clayton here though. Trying to make himself available. Trying to pick out the run through the middle of Victor Fischer. And still Victor Fischer is looking for support now. Yeah, well the support wasn't coming and quickly was it? Liverpool looking back very quickly. And a foreshore to Fischer again. Trying to apply the pressure. Heading for half-time. These fans were expecting a lot of red jerseys to make up the numbers there just to support Fischer. That's Barrahan. Towards Martin de Roon. Farfan. He wants to keep his feet. Finds Divock Origi. Mane through the middle. And he's in. And it does open up here for Sadio Mane. Oh, so close to 2-0. Still maybe the chance. It's Origi. And that wasn't far away either. Liverpool finishing the half with a flourish but not quite with their second goal. Well, it's a brilliant run from Mane. It goes one way. It goes wide there. Then he just checks across Ben Gibson. And as Ben Gibson thinks he's got him slowed up, he takes it on the left. That's a very good shot. Adjus hits it with the instep. Takes it onto the post. Origi following up. But a clever move from Liverpool. Get a slice of luck, Middlesbrough, off the outside of the post. But just a little flavour of what this man's got just bursts into life. What a difference a second goal might have made at that stage. Liverpool still fancying it perhaps. And a free kick conceded by Roberto Firmino. Mane so close to his eighth of the season. He's Liverpool's top scorer. Who they will be without, of course, for January at the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal. Might be one for Jurgen Klopp to ponder come the transfer window if the likes of Sturridge and Coutinho are still struggling with injuries. Coutinho targeting a New Year's Eve return against Manchester City. Yeah, absolutely. I think he would definitely like to look at that one. Those types of players are not readily available though and certainly not at a cheap price. I think if he's delving into trying to add something to the squad of the quality of those boys he'll be paying heavy bucks. There's De Roon for Middlesbrough. Like I say, they will be doing something in the window as well. He's just not quite sure what yet. There's Traore. At times the Liverpool defence is not quite sure what he's going to do. They deal with it on that occasion. Mane brings it away. Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane. Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane. Lovren goes long. He's asking a lot of Milner but he is the furthest forward from full-back and he will get there ahead of Barrahan. He's popping up everywhere right now. Henderson takes over. See what Deon Lovren was trying. Wijnaldum. He's put himself in position. This is Klein to keep it in. See what he does. He can do from those sort of positions already. Keeps on coming back. Henderson to Lallana. Sadio Mane. Milner. Not this time. No, he's holding his face but I know exactly what he's doing.