So Liverpool get us off and underway again, they have the lead at the Riverside it's not been taking the lead that's been the problem for them in recent matches though it's been keeping hold of it, an interesting 45 from here. Yeah, listen that would have been a message from Jurgen Klopp, got themselves in the lead, now don't give it up, three points are so important he said that himself points to get back to winning ways, that would have definitely been the message Twice in front by two goals of course against Bournemouth and pegged back by West Ham there's the early call at the start of the second half from Milner and it is comfortable for Victor Valdez plenty of purchase on his clearance as well which Adama Traore will attempt to make something off make his presence felt up there oh as well at Mane at the other end he's got the pace to get away from Chambers here but he's forced wide Valdez comes out to narrow the angle and make the save yeah real good save Mane blistering quick himself we're speaking about Traore's pace great stop from Victor Valdez very stretched at the start of the second half Wijnaldum to Sadio Mane again Roberto Firmino, Xhene Wijnaldum this is Henderson Liverpool slotting into their stride start of the second half Divock Origi taking over taking on that Barrahan here delivering the cross Sadio Mane surely has blocked out before he could really get the shot out from under his feet still not away yet Lovren to keep the danger alive now Lallana Wittelsburg have the chance to reorganize they still have work to do here oh two brilliant chances for Mane isn't it early on in the second half e goes for Origi again at清s Antonio Barrahan still Divock Origi kind of a standoff in shoes but he has support from Milner claims Milner to deliver Fabio kicks it away and Barone helps it on only as far as Catholics Lallana Middlesbrough struggling to get back to performance again Ibaka Kyle off is hebt to Estada instead of Levson put as far as hundred one hundred to get to when he has put two offerings to a short technic far as Lallana, Middlesbrough struggling to get hold of the ball. Yeah they are but that was top defending from Fabio, tucking in at the far post but that man's had a couple of real big opportunities, this is just route one football, Ben Gibson doesn't get enough on the header and he takes it a little bit wide Marnie but nonetheless Victor Valdez big and strong celebrating the save but this is a really good chance, little cushion header from Firmino just back to him, might have taken it with the left and when he takes a touch with the right I don't think his body position's ever set and Middlesbrough just shut it out. At the post in the first half and already close on a couple of occasions at the start of the second, Liverpool go in search of their second goal. The one they do have from Lallana there, their 50th this season in all competitions so far, of course they're not involved in the European Cup. The first competition this season that is going. Along by Lovren, Marnie is almost in through the middle again. Barrahan's clearance is straight to Wijnaldum which spells trouble, options for him either side. So Sadio Marnie, Roberto Firmino. He takes it off of Lallana Phil, I think Lallana's coming in just behind him, right onto the forehead just like the opening goal. Liverpool again, going a little bit direct and as Marnie just stands it up. Watch Lallana just looking for it, there. I don't think Firmino is ever set like Marnie earlier. Lallana might have done better. He's happy. It's a different type of football Phil, they've gone long twice now in the first five minutes and what that'll do is just deepen Middlesbrough back forward, it takes out Middlesbrough's midfield. There's really interesting tactics already in the first half, or second half for them. This man here, certainly mixed it up hasn't he? Looking for his team to remain in touch at the top, there is a flag here against Origi. Yeah, just stepping in from the offside position, but again it's a longer one from Lovren. Different type of challenge there for Itakaranka and his team from here. Coach who admitted earlier in the season, and they took just a couple points from the back. Just a couple of points from a run of seven games that he was fearing for his job. But not too many Premier League coaches, he says, are fortunate enough to count the club chairman as a friend. He's had the backing of Steve Gibson certainly. In recent weeks they've shown real resilience and they're coming under increasing pressure. Wijnaldum. Eleven goals in the Premier League for Newcastle last season in an ultimately unsecured game. Successful fight against relegation. He's never scored an away goal in the Premier League actually. He's helped it on to Henderson here. This is Origi to Lallana. A little flip by Roberto Firmino. For Dejan Lovren and now Klein. Spaced for Milner. Picked out by Lallana. Deflection on the cross. Might yet carry it through for Roberto Firmino. This is Divock Origi. That's just decisions. Tied to play and Nathaniel Klein on the right side of the box. James Milner just shifting it towards the left. Firmino darts in there. Middlesbrough a couple of dodgy challenges. Did he miss? No. Oh no. He's just got to get up and do it. Nearly but not quite for Liverpool in their final third in this second half so far. Most of the half has been played out around that Middlesbrough box. Liverpool building from the back themselves this time. Clavin from Mane. It's a heavy touch. That's foreshore. Traore. Clavan had a head start and has just got there first. Good power from Clavan. Sometimes the Trolley looks as if he doesn't know what's happening with the ball at his feet. How could the defender possibly? It's even more difficult for those facing him. Here's Roberto Firmino. Slipped by Wijnaldum. Fabio. And he's caught. He's got a clean up on him. Back in the team recently, Fabio has got his brother Raphael coming for Christmas. He's got a winter break in France. Apparently he's joked that maybe they would swap places if he needed a breather because nobody would be able to tell the difference. Yeah, Caranca could freshen it up without anybody even noticing. Apparently Sir Alex used to struggle. The only reason he picked them apart was Fabio had a wedding ring on. But Raphael since got married as well, so that wouldn't work anymore. Still looking to get Wijnaldum involved here. Milner. Milner letting it run. Intentional or otherwise. And he's found O'Reeke. Or luck for O'Reeke. He would have found it but for the presence of Victor Valdez. Yeah, I think the move worked by accident to be honest. Lallana misses it. It goes to Mane. And he's trying to be so precise with the pass. Because it's hit with the instep, takes it towards Valdez. There he goes. Fall short. Posing round in Istanbul. Famous Champions League victory for Liverpool. With his dad and his brother. Watching his boyhood heroes. Famous season ticket holder on the cot. Facing it. The side that he grew up supporting for the first time. But as you can see there is activity on the middle of the bench there. Caranca hasn't left it long in this second half. Double change is imminent. In the meantime, this is Clyde striding forward. With space to surge into. And support from Roberto Firmino. Three in the middle. Lallana and it will come for Mane. Blocked by Chambers. I'm claiming it was blocked by his arm. Yeah, I think it definitely comes off the forearm. But whether again it's intentional, I don't know. Mane trying to muscle his way through and get things going at the other end. Listen, it's hit with such ferocity. It's so close to him. I think he's trying to drag the elbows into his body. Watch as it comes back here. It's Mane. He comes in. He smashes it. Yeah, look, it hits the arm. But it's never a penalty, is it? He's bringing the arm in towards the body. Yeah, it's a good shoot again from the referee. It would have been very harsh, wouldn't it, against Callum Chambers? He's made that spot his in the Middlesbrough defence. To the extent that Danny Ayala, one of the stars of their promotion winning campaign, former Liverpool man, is fit again but can't even get on the bench. Lallana on the derail. And that will give Middlesbrough, I think, the chance to make this double win. It's a double change. Victor Fischer is the first to be withdrawn. Stuart Downing is his replacement. Two years a Liverpool player. He was man of the match when they last won a trophy in the 2012 League Cup final. He was in the Middlesbrough side. That beat Liverpool here the last time these clubs met in the Premier League, back in 2009. And the other change sees Adam Clayton making way. That led back to the club captain as his replacement. The season hasn't really got started yet since hernia surgery in the summer. It's the third time off the bench for him since then. I'm quite surprised that Fischer's gone off. I thought he looked a threat for Middlesbrough. Interesting. There's Barone. Fabio well forward. The time to bring it down. And deliver towards Negredo. He couldn't quite reach it. No, had he reached it, I'd be able to get the leg up or head on it. Ledbetter bombed through the middle of the box. He wasn't picked up either. It's a good switch. Watch Ledbetter, number seven, coming into the area there, just looking for the knockback. The goals against Leicester City. His first since opening his account for the club on his debut. Three goal top scorer, Negredo. Wonderfully done by Roberto Firmino initially, before it's just nicked away from him. John Moss played to advantage there. Felt that Firmino hadn't been given enough. Warspaced run, isn't it? Inside one, inside the second. Three, four. Four, three, two, one. I'm not sure what the foul was given for in the end of it, actually. Just a good run. Just a good run. John Moss just liked the run. Ball back maybe right at the start of the move. Liverpool have it again here. Roberto Firmino has it again. Now, Clafford. Rinaldo battling for it. Roberto Firmino breaks for him. And maybe for Mane. Rinaldo was trying to keep his feet and there's a flag up now on the pitch. And it's a foul. Yeah, but a great challenge, wasn't it? It's a tight call, it looked like, from here. Just nips into Firmino. Just prods it. Oh, my goodness. That is close. I think, listen, I think he could have scored with his shoulder. So, by the rules, it's offside. By the merest of margins against Mane. This is Henderson. And then we see Dayan Lovren attempting that longer ball forward, trying to utilise the pace of Mane. Yeah, they've just taken out Middlesbrough's press through the middle of the park. They realise that Mane's causing all sorts of problems with his pace. Changing it up a little bit. Rinaldo missed the target this time, but Fabio got to it first. Jesilsto Van external, but he refuses to respond. The bug in jumping back on board during the pitch. It's a phase, this time. But it fell out inzyć in organizat. Camino! Sorry for, well, just looking at the switch again. Camino's continued his run. Henderson forward Lallana didn't challenge for it feeling he was offside crucial stage of the game right now isn't it? yeah it is, it's just in the in the bubble isn't it? Middlesbrough really struggled to get going I believe in the second half Origi did well to get his foot to that first looking to continue his recent goal scoring run 4-4 Oh and Aldermarne was trying to get on the end of it Klein still might Lallana in towards Origi 2-0 Liverpool and Divock Origi has made it 5-5 but a fine flowing move has picked a way through the Middlesbrough defence and Liverpool lead by 2 well this is classic football 1-2 and the touch is absolutely scintillating stuff Mane just pops it round the corner in one of these moves and just spins just watch him get it here spin there bang round the corner there he actually gets taken out by Fabio great again advantage played by the officials and Lallana when he gets into those areas how often does he pick the right pass and the right way to pass just slipped into the area for Origi to run into and smash it beyond Victor Valdez it's a quite beautiful move from Liverpool they had been pressing for the whole second half that man changes his tactics up a little bit but it's a good football that gets him the second brilliant play 50th Liverpool appearance for Divock Origi and he's on the end of the move to score his 17th goal for the club his fourth in the Premier League this season fifth in successive matches what a difference that might make now yeah well listen don't underestimate that we'll be speaking about the tactical change in tactics but it's a good move by Origi tactical change in terms of Lovren going long so many times and it just takes the concentration away from Middlesbrough how hard they've been working about one-twos and going with runners and then bang they switch it back to the game plan Origi full of confidence draws the foul on the touchline well he's felt the absence of Coutinho Klopp's admitted that but it's afforded Origi a chance and he's taking it yeah he absolutely has and it is quite a special run there as you mentioned in goal scoring you said about Sturridge, Coutinho well that man is certainly stepping up isn't he Fancy forward for the free kick which James Milner is standing over a lot of activity ahead of him and by Milner fairly comfortably dealt with that time only as far as Jordan Henderson though he might get another go just over his head and all the way back to Mignolet and he can afford that in the circumstances yeah well now it's a real tough game for Middlesbrough I think they've been admirable in terms of how they've applied their game plan they've now gone to a 4-1-4-1 Mane might be in after the flick by Origi now they have just got back across in the in the nick of time yeah again it's a long ball to Mane real thorn in the side of Middlesbrough that electrifying pace it's only the eighth goal that Middlesbrough conceded in the second half of a Premier League match this season they've generally been so resilient nobody's really taken them to the cleaners but they might be fearing that possibility and yet Liverpool two up twice at Bournemouth of course and now that's the way game they won't be sitting comfortably just yet certainly not with this man Traore on the ball three to stop him and they've stopped him unfairly yeah he's just so powerful and strong low centre of gravity just sets those big thighs makes himself strong good feet here as well again tight area look at that just bustles through four then he's on to the next floor faces them up not frightened to then take them on still only 20 still developing and learning the game says Ante Carranca there's one that Middlesbrough a free kick here in a very promising position for Adam Foreshaw trying to get the home side back into the game here Foreshaw with that deeper delivery still there to be hit by Fabio connected with it just too many bodies in the way as they were likely to be I guess in the circumstances here's Stuart Downing and he was caught and now the midfielder Liverpool will know all about the balls that Downing can put into the box but he put a bit too much on that one yeah he's trying to whip it round for Ben Gibson just a little bit heavy this is where Liverpool have to really dig in show the mettle that they need if they're going to challenge for this game if they're going to challenge for this title they've got themselves into a very good position they need to see it out now haven't won at the Riverside in their last seven visits Liverpool in the Premier League since March of 2002 that's an opportunity they've put themselves in here but they've still got work to do to see it through Phil Shaw also had got I'll bet Henderson's staying down yeah Deron Deron just a little bit high on Henderson I don't think there was anything pretty about Jordan Henderson what he was trying to do here emptying it, getting rid of it just catches him a little bit late now this is a man that's grabbed a second for Liverpool and it was something special total football one, two popped round the corner Wijnaldum there Origi plays his part and first of all he wins that challenge just standing there and then he starts to motor now as he realises that this team are starting to move just hoping it's going to be put into the right area where he can go and attack and Lallana doesn't disappoint him terrific goal there is Lallana again same two scorers as against West Bromwich as against West Ham at the weekend at Anfield Lallana and Origi this time without the defensive deficiencies in between so far Jürgen Klopp would value a clean sheet today from here yeah absolutely I think Simon Mignolet would like one as well just cement that place only kept three all season in the Premier League yet he's not too concerned he says by the manner of the recent goals being conceded because they've all been different types of goals not a recurring theme or a problem that has to be ironed out in particular yeah well if there's a pattern of goals that you're losing then it's quite an easy one for a coach to then step onto the training ground and get it right but when it's so many individual errors at times and that's the difficult one it's just down to player concentration that's the better for me now taking on Chambers a putt from Origi he'll chase up to yeah it's looks like I'm missing our parent well it's been a while but that sort of thing you can double Coach selection as we can just since we won that was forbrahim so you know again Milner and he has just left his foot in against Antonio Barrahan it is a different story. Yeah, I don't think that would worry. I don't think it should ever worry teams unless they're conceding goals or really kind of, you know, under real pressure and conceding chances, never mind goals. So it becomes a problem when they start shifting a few. And a flip from Origi for Mane again. And still, the referee's let it go. Origi with the ball into the box. Lallana for 3-0. Lallana couldn't miss from there. And the Premier League's leading scorers are at it again. Three on Teesside and two for Adam Lallana. Yeah, they're rampant. I'm watching John Moss just walking back with a yellow card. He's shown it maybe to Ben Gibson. But again, we're speaking about good refereeing and allowing teams when they're on attack if they, you know, get a throw against them just to continue to play. I think Mane's been unbelievable at times tonight. And this second half, in particular. But again, getting into areas of the pitch, sometimes decisions are wrong and the final pass is not good enough. Liverpool at times have been absolutely exceptional. And that is just a composed, really sound finish from Lallana. Again, he's gone from the middle of the pitch, he's getting himself into areas of the pitch where they can score goals and create things. And it's just so accomplished. That should be game, set and match. But we've been there before with Liverpool, haven't we? Maybe now. Three goal cushion, Jürgen Klopp will be proving it a little easier. Confirmation that Ben Gibson, the Middlesbrough captain, was booked for his part in the build-up. Good referee to allow it to go. John Mosty go back to show the yellow card. And Liverpool took full advantage. Yeah, Mane's been, as I said, exceptional. He's been so purposeful and quick and powerful in this second half. And it's only early into the second half they've just struggled to deal with it. And that's what they've done for Middlesbrough. What many teams have done this for Middlesbrough this season. The way he points at Arsenal and Manchester City. Chelsea needed a solitary Diego Costa goal to win at the Riverside. After a difficult couple of games, this is just the response that Jürgen Klopp would have been demanding from his team. And, well, they've gone 14 years without winning. TJ Pryor, sighted on the rim, filling onto one many men mae the back of that post in that water was a very disappointing loss. But he did a wealthy one at some of the goals that He told his team to work towards. Closest interception up until Goff for the Super間. He finally made it home lands. He's played just about 12 games and the last period he played, would soon be the top sizable damsel in the Goldenส Middlesbrough team. Don't let LAUGHTER. maddening playback if they don't want to allow they're gonna repeat this dafür que Before the came Paul Hjorup Leipzig, what was his name? Habor overseas thanks to the works and work the former mayor Henrik accordiev. We're needing to show character from here to pick Chimsep off the floor, but they've got another problem. Devon Corrigi taking the pass from Lallana. Playing it behind the run of Roberto Firmino. Fully done by Ledbetter in the end. Ledbetter again. Lallana on a hat-trick. Two of their last three home games at Meadowsborough in the Premier League. They fell short at Southampton on Sunday, and this is shaping up to be another significant setback. 3-2-1. to get to grips with life in the Premier League, the unforgiving Premier League. Beginning the night, of course, just three points above the bottom three and have not been in the relegation zone yet this season. Yeah, I don't think Middlesbrough's fight is going to be with the top sides, of course, if they get something from those games, which they already have against the likes of Man City, then it's a bonus. I think the fight is always going to be about the teams in and around them. That's when it becomes so important that you keep those clean sheets, but you get the goals, you get your three points and stretch away from those teams. Sometimes the points are not good, but Terry Watt's points are looking good for this set of supporters. They're dreaming again, Phil. Over 3,000 of them have made the trip to Teesside. They're being royally rewarded so far. FANS ROAR Yeah, that's a big one. Could perhaps be with that match in mind that Ataka Ranka is, we understand, thinking about a change, about to make a change. Negredo will be replaced by Jordan Rhodes imminently, we understand. As he was in the starting line-up, of course, at the weekend. Touch and go whether Negredo was going to be brought back tonight. They're still missing Gaston Ramirez. Foot injury, he's not yet back in full training. So you'd imagine the weekend will come too soon for him as well. We shall see. Well, I'd be surprised if they go two up and keep Negredo on. I think they'll be more worried about the fatigue and the muscle. Take him off. As you said, bigger fish to fry at the weekend. I think this game's gone now. They will be part of the thinking. Confidence-wise, though, it's important that they don't go on and concede four, five, six from here, isn't it? Liverpool are capable of doing that to anyone. Yeah, they absolutely are. And especially when their tails are up. They're full of energy, as we mentioned. I think the game plan has changed now. By Henderson for Lionel. A real chase on for him. He's done well to keep that in play. Fabio has got back to him. Still Lionel, though. And still. And one back by Jordan Henderson. By Barrahan. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Turned into something of a chastening experience now for Middlesbrough. Can't get the ball back. Or even put it out of play so they can get Jordan Rhodes on. so much talk before the game wasn't there about the goalkeeping position couple of fine first half saves from Mignolet's and very little to do after the break yeah absolutely he's been very tidy I think he's kicked it long well at times couple of real direct launches up the pitch and when he's had to make the saves simple saves he would concede but he's dealt with them and he's done it very very well three games to go in the calendar year after this for Liverpool only chance we have one more league matches in 2016 they look full of confidence right now three knock away from home I guess tends to do that for you but they've they've earned it haven't they tonight that's Milman Liverpool at some stage might be thinking about the Merseyside derby on Monday as well but maybe not yet Origi is in the mood for more Lallana will want that hat-trick that necessary goal every defeat he hasn't been up and down by Feeling a bit of the same feeling trusts much until his second goal who has currently remains a 32 MS car yes and towards the second goal so Lam with the quarantined Little shuffle, left onto right or vice versa, just as he brings it down here. Watch the quick feet shuffle there, and away from Callum Chambers. Tries to look nutmegs on Fabio. They're starting to really enjoy themselves now, Liverpool. Jordan Rhodes now coming on. Middlesbrough have made that change, it is indeed Negrado that makes way. Reversal of the switch that was made to the starting line-up. Difficult situation for Jordan Rhodes, he started at Southampton, was only a second off the season. Has been linked with a move away in January. Carlos Carvajal has come out and said that it's unlikely to be to Sheffield Wednesday where he was being linked. He had about £9 million to bring in here last January. Yet to score at the Riverside actually, Jordan Rhodes. It's an interesting one isn't it, Phil, that you spend that amount of money and you keep him on the bench. Especially with a side that do not score on offside. A lot of goals but Negrado obviously the top dog. Particularly in the system that Karanka's been playing, Negrado very much the main man through the middle. Yeah, I think Jordan plays better in a two as well. But I'll tell you something about him, he's not the type of kid that would sulk. He's a super young man. Karanka had promised him chances one of those games. At Southampton, albeit he didn't get a lot of service at St Mary's. Coming on today it will take some effort to turn this one around from here. Liverpool points. And of course for a fifth away win of the Premier League season by Neldon. Looking for Clyne, away by Gibson. The ball to Gibson. Red Britter. Key player in the Championship for them last season. Before that hernia injury. Barrahan with the touch. Back to Liverpool. Korea extended to 11 minutes off the bench in a Champions League qualifier. Against CSKA Sofia. He was 18 at the time. Took him a decade to return to the Premier League. And Karanka showed the faith to sign him from Valencia in the summer. He made the same move as Alvaro Negrado. Y Finally, Neteo's crucial feeling are the electoral loss of Corona. betrayal for the Chiefs. Leafs to Mehragoul climbed in from 3-0 on this game. 살� Cameron. And the three-ppyres of past grand card face. Nandaga re Ping Soli. still Milne he could see what he was trying Lallana with a touch Roberto Firmino back to Adam Lallana again haven't given up on the fourth goal James Milne scored five or more four times in 2016 in the Premier League of Liverpool shift through the gears again here Roberto Firmino to Divock Origi Lallana a little flip from Firmino Origi's ball in just about dealt with Lallana just wondering whether we'll see young Woodpump ten minutes to go in this game looks done now looking for a good we understand he's getting ready to make his first change he's been reluctant to turn to the bench recently having used all three of his substitutes in his first 30 games in charge claimed against West Ham last weekend it wasn't the right situation to bring the young players in you wonder at 3-0 up whether that might be difficult to get a chance to win it's a tough game it's a tough game it's a tough game I think it's going to be tough for him tonight but it's the experience Lucas instead that is about to be called for as Middlesbrough advance and try their luck from range not happening for foreshore from there yeah Lucas coming on he's certainly looking to add a little bit more experience and still see this game out Adam Lallana has been absolutely terrific tonight hasn't he he really has no hat trick but a deserving ovation from the travelling fans there's a bit of a surprise from the travelling fans they've got a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise from the travelling fans yeah a special night getting himself into the box as he does in that left hand position attacks it ever so well and again he just strolls into areas where he can cause bother get himself on the score sheet and with that goal just shows all the composure in the world like his head up get enough foot on it enough power on it and off the bench there comes Lucas as he did on these sides last met here in the Premier League in February of 2009 as the only surviving member of the Premier League in the Premier League and he's got a good performance and he's got a good performance and he's got a good performance as we've talked about I think the three points are obviously is a paramount importance but a nice clean shoot as well to all that's got on this week all that's been said that'll be a must for Jurgen Klopp surely but I do have to wonder if Loris Karius there would be thinking well I'm in your legs I can talk to you but I can't I don't know I don't know if it makes any sense or if the thought really comes out that he's taking theげer try the way he intended here he's not had an awful lot to do, that could have been me, it could have been my clean cheek. Well, they've come up against a side that have got the worst goal-scoring record in the country, so I'm sure he would have liked the opportunity to play, but as I said, I think this man was to his shot, he's waited on the opportunity, I think it's a right decision from the manager to take him out the firing line, and he'll come back stronger, I've no doubt, he's well regarded, Karius. Only old and athletic before tonight, it's got fewer goals than Middlesbrough, all four top divisions, and we haven't really seen too much of a threat from the home side, certainly in the second half. First goal, Jim, it really tends to be so important where Middlesbrough are concerned as well, they've only taken one point, and they've fallen behind, dramatically at Manchester City, Jordan Rhodes the target here, and he won't get his head to it, and finds Adama Traore with it, back into the box it goes, without a great degree of conviction, might get another chance here, Traore, and he's around James Milner, important block to Danai Mro, the greater reward. Yeah, I think the two centre-backs of Liverpool have done ever so well, when the full-back's been taken out, they get across, they shut out the light, they don't allow an easy ball into their box. Clavin with the block, fifth corner of the game for Middlesbrough, here it comes, and Mignolet makes it his. Now this is what late stage, Logan Klopp does call for Ovi Azaria, he'll be on shortly for only a second ever Premier League appearance, that started the last couple of AFL Cup ties, for a 19-year-old midfield player, three minutes in the 6-1 home win against Watford, his only previous Premier League experience, but maybe the ideal chance just to get him a few more minutes tonight. He dessas gay to drink in City, the IndianLajurik has to make engines pay chodzi Alex Eldredge dreaming play고요 in Taipei Inter bangla 공 earns Aqui When Thao ouvert man도 I see machine this know he gets big得 you hands on desk the effort this juncture isn't it here's Lucas I've been deputizing at center back recently funding Roberto Firmino Miller is the furthest forward again the ball came to him and he still has it here client no matter where Ricky and Becky game a free kick for the foul on that Roberto Firmino just outside the box players than explosive plays I catch some players but that man is short number seven to his donors energy levels tonight I've been absolutely brilliant but a man is not a life back you know he's been up and down all evening his own admission it's not his preferred position but so important to the side this season as the change is made you know I think it's a good thing that he's got a lot of energy and he's got a lot of energy it's why now them making way for a VH area in the Liverpool midfield first Premier League experience away from Anfield for the time the Arsenal youth team player just in preseason to include young Academy prospects on the bench in that recent matches and Victor Valdez is giving a lot of gold here to his right-hand side and he's got a lot of good players in the team I'm sure by Milner hands for me no it will be Roberto Firmino it's straight at the wall it's Henderson no threat about that one Jordan roads to try and clear players way out from the back in that's a risky policy the man taking that password of enjoyed that one you you parting of those two time chos sure Walker corner the goal he qualifies mixed feelings though bitter disappointment in the middle for midfield the to go on and see it through and get the clean sheet as well it will be without Joel Matip conceded nine goals in the three previous matches that he missed this season get there fast for place if not Nathaniel Klein Jordan Rose just wanted that shoved into the space to try and deliver deep to try and deliver deep to try and deliver deep pretty much missed it all together pretty much missed it all together Roberto Firmino in by money continued off in pursuit of a potential in by money continued off in pursuit of a potential through through to get goes on for Liverpool goes on for Liverpool has got that better has got that better written start THIS IS A THE CAUSE OF DISANDER RERencing Prodigy To ERICI NUNA 그렇죠 knock holding fire on the substitution isn't he while they Cecil Regis we go to the three-outed minutes I won't take any chances this late stage understandably still the young right back that's being called for so Regis congratulated by Jurgen Klopp and then queries maybe the extent of the injury as well but what a moment for the 18 year old Liverpool born four points away from home from home Premier League debut for Trent Alexander-Arnold has started the last two EFL Cup ties en route to the semi-finals in Southampton to come in January this is a big three points in the Premier League how it was needed by Liverpool taking just one from the last couple of games body language is rather different now isn't it it's a bad deal isn't it the manager's seeing the clock out isn't it he could have caught that one