So Liverpool get us off and underway again, they have the lead at the Riverside it's not been taking the lead that's been the problem for them in recent matches though it's been keeping hold of it, an interesting 45 from here. Yeah, listen that would have been a message from Jurgen Klopp, got themselves in the lead, now don't give it up, three points are so important he said that himself points to get back to winning ways, that would have definitely been the message Twice in front by two goals of course against Bournemouth and pegged back by West Ham there's the early call at the start of the second half from Milner and it is comfortable for Victor Valdez plenty of purchase on his clearance as well which Adama Traore will attempt to make something off make his presence felt up there oh as well at Mane at the other end he's got the pace to get away from Chambers here but he's forced wide Valdez comes out to narrow the angle and make the save yeah real good save Mane blistering quick himself we're speaking about Traore's pace great stop from Victor Valdez very stretched at the start of the second half Wijnaldum to Sadio Mane again Roberto Firmino, Xhene Wijnaldum this is Henderson Liverpool slotting into their stride start of the second half Divock Origi taking over taking on that Barrahan here delivering the cross Sadio Mane surely has blocked out before he could really get the shot out from under his feet still not away yet Lovren to keep the danger alive now Lallana Wittelsburg have the chance to reorganize they still have work to do here oh two brilliant chances for Mane isn't it early on in the second half e goes for Origi again at清s Antonio Barrahan still Divock Origi kind of a standoff in shoes but he has support from Milner claims Milner to deliver Fabio kicks it away and Barone helps it on only as far as Catholics Lallana Middlesbrough struggling to get back to performance again Ibaka Kyle off is hebt to Estada instead of Levson put as far as hundred one hundred to get to when he has put two offerings to a short technic far as Lallana, Middlesbrough struggling to get hold of the ball. Yeah they are but that was top defending from Fabio, tucking in at the far post but that man's had a couple of real big opportunities, this is just route one football, Ben Gibson doesn't get enough on the header and he takes it a little bit wide Marnie but nonetheless Victor Valdez big and strong celebrating the save but this is a really good chance, little cushion header from Firmino just back to him, might have taken it with the left and when he takes a touch with the right I don't think his body position's ever set and Middlesbrough just shut it out. At the post in the first half and already close on a couple of occasions at the start of the second, Liverpool go in search of their second goal. The one they do have from Lallana there, their 50th this season in all competitions so far, of course they're not involved in the European Cup. The first competition this season that is going. Along by Lovren, Marnie is almost in through the middle again. Barrahan's clearance is straight to Wijnaldum which spells trouble, options for him either side. So Sadio Marnie, Roberto Firmino. He takes it off of Lallana Phil, I think Lallana's coming in just behind him, right onto the forehead just like the opening goal. Liverpool again, going a little bit direct and as Marnie just stands it up. Watch Lallana just looking for it, there. I don't think Firmino is ever set like Marnie earlier. Lallana might have done better. He's happy. It's a different type of football Phil, they've gone long twice now in the first five minutes and what that'll do is just deepen Middlesbrough back forward, it takes out Middlesbrough's midfield. There's really interesting tactics already in the first half, or second half for them. This man here, certainly mixed it up hasn't he? Looking for his team to remain in touch at the top, there is a flag here against Origi. Yeah, just stepping in from the offside position, but again it's a longer one from Lovren. Different type of challenge there for Itakaranka and his team from here. Coach who admitted earlier in the season, and they took just a couple points from the back. Just a couple of points from a run of seven games that he was fearing for his job. But not too many Premier League coaches, he says, are fortunate enough to count the club chairman as a friend. He's had the backing of Steve Gibson certainly. In recent weeks they've shown real resilience and they're coming under increasing pressure. Wijnaldum. Eleven goals in the Premier League for Newcastle last season in an ultimately unsecured game. Successful fight against relegation. He's never scored an away goal in the Premier League actually. He's helped it on to Henderson here. This is Origi to Lallana. A little flip by Roberto Firmino. For Dejan Lovren and now Klein. Spaced for Milner. Picked out by Lallana. Deflection on the cross. Might yet carry it through for Roberto Firmino. This is Divock Origi. That's just decisions. Tied to play and Nathaniel Klein on the right side of the box. James Milner just shifting it towards the left. Firmino darts in there. Middlesbrough a couple of dodgy challenges. Did he miss? No. Oh no. He's just got to get up and do it. Nearly but not quite for Liverpool in their final third in this second half so far. Most of the half has been played out around that Middlesbrough box. Liverpool building from the back themselves this time. Clavin from Mane. It's a heavy touch. That's foreshore. Traore. Clavan had a head start and has just got there first. Good power from Clavan. Sometimes the Trolley looks as if he doesn't know what's happening with the ball at his feet. How could the defender possibly? It's even more difficult for those facing him. Here's Roberto Firmino. Slipped by Wijnaldum. Fabio. And he's caught. He's got a clean up on him. Back in the team recently, Fabio has got his brother Raphael coming for Christmas. He's got a winter break in France. Apparently he's joked that maybe they would swap places if he needed a breather because nobody would be able to tell the difference. Yeah, Caranca could freshen it up without anybody even noticing. Apparently Sir Alex used to struggle. The only reason he picked them apart was Fabio had a wedding ring on. But Raphael since got married as well, so that wouldn't work anymore. Still looking to get Wijnaldum involved here. Milner. Milner letting it run. Intentional or otherwise. And he's found O'Reeke. Or luck for O'Reeke. He would have found it but for the presence of Victor Valdez. Yeah, I think the move worked by accident to be honest. Lallana misses it. It goes to Mane. And he's trying to be so precise with the pass. Because it's hit with the instep, takes it towards Valdez. There he goes. Fall short. Posing round in Istanbul. Famous Champions League victory for Liverpool. With his dad and his brother. Watching his boyhood heroes. Famous season ticket holder on the cot. Facing it. The side that he grew up supporting for the first time. But as you can see there is activity on the middle of the bench there. Caranca hasn't left it long in this second half. Double change is imminent. In the meantime, this is Clyde striding forward. With space to surge into. And support from Roberto Firmino. Three in the middle. Lallana and it will come for Mane. Blocked by Chambers. I'm claiming it was blocked by his arm. Yeah, I think it definitely comes off the forearm. But whether again it's intentional, I don't know. Mane trying to muscle his way through and get things going at the other end. Listen, it's hit with such ferocity. It's so close to him. I think he's trying to drag the elbows into his body. Watch as it comes back here. It's Mane. He comes in. He smashes it. Yeah, look, it hits the arm. But it's never a penalty, is it? He's bringing the arm in towards the body. Yeah, it's a good shoot again from the referee. It would have been very harsh, wouldn't it, against Callum Chambers? He's made that spot his in the Middlesbrough defence. To the extent that Danny Ayala, one of the stars of their promotion winning campaign, former Liverpool man, is fit again but can't even get on the bench. Lallana on the derail. And that will give Middlesbrough, I think, the chance to make this double win. It's a double change. Victor Fischer is the first to be withdrawn. Stuart Downing is his replacement. Two years a Liverpool player. He was man of the match when they last won a trophy in the 2012 League Cup final. He was in the Middlesbrough side. That beat Liverpool here the last time these clubs met in the Premier League, back in 2009. And the other change sees Adam Clayton making way. That led back to the club captain as his replacement. The season hasn't really got started yet since hernia surgery in the summer. It's the third time off the bench for him since then. I'm quite surprised that Fischer's gone off. I thought he looked a threat for Middlesbrough. Interesting. There's Barone. Fabio well forward. The time to bring it down. And deliver towards Negredo. He couldn't quite reach it. No, had he reached it, I'd be able to get the leg up or head on it. Ledbetter bombed through the middle of the box. He wasn't picked up either. It's a good switch. Watch Ledbetter, number seven, coming into the area there, just looking for the knockback. The goals against Leicester City. His first since opening his account for the club on his debut. Three goal top scorer, Negredo. Wonderfully done by Roberto Firmino initially, before it's just nicked away from him. John Moss played to advantage there. Felt that Firmino hadn't been given enough. Warspaced run, isn't it? Inside one, inside the second. Three, four. Four, three, two, one. I'm not sure what the foul was given for in the end of it, actually. Just a good run. Just a good run. John Moss just liked the run. Ball back maybe right at the start of the move. Liverpool have it again here. Roberto Firmino has it again. Now, Clafford. Rinaldo battling for it. Roberto Firmino breaks for him. And maybe for Mane. Rinaldo was trying to keep his feet and there's a flag up now on the pitch. And it's a foul. Yeah, but a great challenge, wasn't it? It's a tight call, it looked like, from here. Just nips into Firmino. Just prods it. Oh, my goodness. That is close. I think, listen, I think he could have scored with his shoulder. So, by the rules, it's offside. By the merest of margins against Mane. This is Henderson. And then we see Dayan Lovren attempting that longer ball forward, trying to utilise the pace of Mane. Yeah, they've just taken out Middlesbrough's press through the middle of the park. They realise that Mane's causing all sorts of problems with his pace. Changing it up a little bit. Rinaldo missed the target this time, but Fabio got to it first. Jesilsto Van external, but he refuses to respond. The bug in jumping back on board during the pitch. It's a phase, this time. But it fell out inzyć in organizat. Camino! Sorry for, well, just looking at the switch again. Camino's continued his run. Henderson forward Lallana didn't challenge for it feeling he was offside crucial stage of the game right now isn't it? yeah it is, it's just in the in the bubble isn't it? Middlesbrough really struggled to get going I believe in the second half Origi did well to get his foot to that first looking to continue his recent goal scoring run 4-4 Oh and Aldermarne was trying to get on the end of it Klein still might Lallana in towards Origi 2-0 Liverpool and Divock Origi has made it 5-5 but a fine flowing move has picked a way through the Middlesbrough defence and Liverpool lead by 2 well this is classic football 1-2 and the touch is absolutely scintillating stuff Mane just pops it round the corner in one of these moves and just spins just watch him get it here spin there bang round the corner there he actually gets taken out by Fabio great again advantage played by the officials and Lallana when he gets into those areas how often does he pick the right pass and the right way to pass just slipped into the area for Origi to run into and smash it beyond Victor Valdez it's a quite beautiful move from Liverpool they had been pressing for the whole second half that man changes his tactics up a little bit but it's a good football that gets him the second brilliant play 50th Liverpool appearance for Divock Origi and he's on the end of the move to score his 17th goal for the club his fourth in the Premier League this season fifth in successive matches what a difference that might make now yeah well listen don't underestimate that we'll be speaking about the tactical change in tactics but it's a good move by Origi tactical change in terms of Lovren going long so many times and it just takes the concentration away from Middlesbrough how hard they've been working about one-twos and going with runners and then bang they switch it back to the game plan Origi full of confidence draws the foul on the touchline well he's felt the absence of Coutinho Klopp's admitted that but it's afforded Origi a chance and he's taking it yeah he absolutely has and it is quite a special run there as you mentioned in goal scoring you said about Sturridge, Coutinho well that man is certainly stepping up isn't he Fancy forward for the free kick which James Milner is standing over a lot of activity ahead of him and by Milner fairly comfortably dealt with that time only as far as Jordan Henderson though he might get another go just over his head and all the way back to Mignolet and he can afford that in the circumstances yeah well now it's a real tough game for Middlesbrough I think they've been admirable in terms of how they've applied their game plan they've now gone to a 4-1-4-1 Mane might be in after the flick by Origi now they have just got back across in the in the nick of time yeah again it's a long ball to Mane real thorn in the side of Middlesbrough that electrifying pace it's only the eighth goal that Middlesbrough conceded in the second half of a Premier League match this season they've generally been so resilient nobody's really taken them to the cleaners but they might be fearing that possibility and yet Liverpool two up twice at Bournemouth of course and now that's the way game they won't be sitting comfortably just yet certainly not with this man Traore on the ball three to stop him and they've stopped him unfairly yeah he's just so powerful and strong low centre of gravity just sets those big thighs makes himself strong good feet here as well again tight area look at that just bustles through four then he's on to the next floor faces them up not frightened to then take them on still only 20 still developing and learning the game says Ante Carranca there's one that Middlesbrough a free kick here in a very promising position for Adam Foreshaw trying to get the home side back into the game here Foreshaw with that deeper delivery still there to be hit by Fabio connected with it just too many bodies in the way as they were likely to be I guess in the circumstances here's Stuart Downing and he was caught and now the midfielder Liverpool will know all about the balls that Downing can put into the box but he put a bit too much on that one yeah he's trying to whip it round for Ben Gibson just a little bit heavy this is where Liverpool have to really dig in show the mettle that they need if they're going to challenge for this game if they're going to challenge for this title they've got themselves into a very good position they need to see it out now haven't won at the Riverside in their last seven visits Liverpool in the Premier League since March of 2002 that's an opportunity they've put themselves in here but they've still got work to do to see it through Phil Shaw also had got I'll bet Henderson's staying down yeah Deron Deron just a little bit high on Henderson I don't think there was anything pretty about Jordan Henderson what he was trying to do here emptying it, getting rid of it just catches him a little bit late now this is a man that's grabbed a second for Liverpool and it was something special total football one, two popped round the corner Wijnaldum there Origi plays his part and first of all he wins that challenge just standing there and then he starts to motor now as he realises that this team are starting to move just hoping it's going to be put into the right area where he can go and attack and Lallana doesn't disappoint him terrific goal there is Lallana again same two scorers as against West Bromwich as against West Ham at the weekend at Anfield Lallana and Origi this time without the defensive deficiencies in between so far Jürgen Klopp would value a clean sheet today from here yeah absolutely I think Simon Mignolet would like one as well just cement that place only kept three all season in the Premier League yet he's not too concerned he says by the manner of the recent goals being conceded because they've all been different types of goals not a recurring theme or a problem that has to be ironed out in particular yeah well if there's a pattern of goals that you're losing then it's quite an easy one for a coach to then step onto the training ground and get it right but when it's so many individual errors at times and that's the difficult one it's just down to player concentration that's the better for me now taking on Chambers a putt from Origi he'll chase up to yeah it's looks like I'm missing our parent well it's been a while but that sort of thing you can double Coach selection as we can just since we won that was forbrahim so you know again Milner and he has just left his foot in against Antonio Barrahan it is a different story. Yeah, I don't think that would worry. I don't think it should ever worry teams unless they're conceding goals or really kind of, you know, under real pressure and conceding chances, never mind goals. So it becomes a problem when they start shifting a few. And a flip from Origi for Mane again. And still, the referee's let it go. Origi with the ball into the box. Lallana for 3-0. Lallana couldn't miss from there. And the Premier League's leading scorers are at it again. Three on Teesside and two for Adam Lallana. Yeah, they're rampant. I'm watching John Moss just walking back with a yellow card. He's shown it maybe to Ben Gibson. But again, we're speaking about good refereeing and allowing teams when they're on attack if they, you know, get a throw against them just to continue to play. I think Mane's been unbelievable at times tonight. And this second half, in particular. But again, getting into areas of the pitch, sometimes decisions are wrong and the final pass is not good enough. Liverpool at times have been absolutely exceptional. And that is just a composed, really sound finish from Lallana. Again, he's gone from the middle of the pitch, he's getting himself into areas of the pitch where they can score goals and create things. And it's just so accomplished. That should be game, set and match. But we've been there before with Liverpool, haven't we? Maybe now. Three goal cushion, Jürgen Klopp will be proving it a little easier. Confirmation that Ben Gibson, the Middlesbrough captain, was booked for his part in the build-up. Good referee to allow it to go. John Mosty go back to show the yellow card. And Liverpool took full advantage. Yeah, Mane's been, as I said, exceptional. He's been so purposeful and quick and powerful in this second half. And it's only early into the second half they've just struggled to deal with it. And that's what they've done for Middlesbrough. What many teams have done this for Middlesbrough this season. The way he points at Arsenal and Manchester City. Chelsea needed a solitary Diego Costa goal to win at the Riverside. After a difficult couple of games, this is just the response that Jürgen Klopp would have been demanding from his team. And, well, they've gone 14 years without winning. TJ Pryor, sighted on the rim, filling onto one many men mae the back of that post in that water was a very disappointing loss. But he did a wealthy one at some of the goals that He told his team to work towards. Closest interception up until Goff for the Super間. He finally made it home lands. He's played just about 12 games and the last period he played, would soon be the top sizable damsel in the Goldenส Middlesbrough team. Don't let LAUGHTER. maddening playback if they don't want to allow they're gonna repeat this dafür que Before the came Paul Hjorup Leipzig, what was his name? Habor overseas thanks to the works and work the former mayor Henrik accordiev. We're needing to show character from here to pick Chimsep off the floor, but they've got another problem. Devon Corrigi taking the pass from Lallana. Playing it behind the run of Roberto Firmino. Fully done by Ledbetter in the end. Ledbetter again. Lallana on a hat-trick. Two of their last three home games at Meadowsborough in the Premier League. They fell short at Southampton on Sunday, and this is shaping up to be another significant setback. 3-2-1. to get to grips with life in the Premier League, the unforgiving Premier League. Beginning the night, of course, just three points above the bottom three and have not been in the relegation zone yet this season. Yeah, I don't think Middlesbrough's fight is going to be with the top sides, of course, if they get something from those games, which they already have against the likes of Man City, then it's a bonus. I think the fight is always going to be about the teams in and around them. That's when it becomes so important that you keep those clean sheets, but you get the goals, you get your three points and stretch away from those teams. Sometimes the points are not good, but Terry Watt's points are looking good for this set of supporters. They're dreaming again, Phil. Over 3,000 of them have made the trip to Teesside. They're being royally rewarded so far. FANS ROAR Yeah, that's a big one. Could perhaps be with that match in mind that Ataka Ranka is, we understand, thinking about a change, about to make a change. Negredo will be replaced by Jordan Rhodes imminently, we understand. As he was in the starting line-up, of course, at the weekend. Touch and go whether Negredo was going to be brought back tonight. They're still missing Gaston Ramirez. Foot injury, he's not yet back in full training. So you'd imagine the weekend will come too soon for him as well. We shall see. Well, I'd be surprised if they go two up and keep Negredo on. I think they'll be more worried about the fatigue and the muscle. Take him off. As you said, bigger fish to fry at the weekend. I think this game's gone now. They will be part of the thinking. Confidence-wise, though, it's important that they don't go on and concede four, five, six from here, isn't it? Liverpool are capable of doing that to anyone. Yeah, they absolutely are. And especially when their tails are up. They're full of energy, as we mentioned. I think the game plan has changed now. By Henderson for Lionel. A real chase on for him. He's done well to keep that in play. Fabio has got back to him. Still Lionel, though. And still. And one back by Jordan Henderson. By Barrahan. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Turned into something of a chastening experience now for Middlesbrough. Can't get the ball back. Or even put it out of play so they can get Jordan Rhodes on. so much talk before the game wasn't there about the goalkeeping position couple of fine first half saves from Mignolet's and very little to do after the break yeah absolutely he's been very tidy I think he's kicked it long well at times couple of real direct launches up the pitch and when he's had to make the saves simple saves he would concede but he's dealt with them and he's done it very very well three games to go in the calendar year after this for Liverpool only chance we have one more league matches in 2016 they look full of confidence right now three knock away from home I guess tends to do that for you but they've they've earned it haven't they tonight that's Milman Liverpool at some stage might be thinking about the Merseyside derby on Monday as well but maybe not yet Origi is in the mood for more Lallana will want that hat-trick that necessary goal every defeat he hasn't been up and down by Feeling a bit of the same feeling trusts much until his second goal who has currently remains a 32 MS car yes and towards the second goal so Lam with the quarantined Little shuffle, left onto right or vice versa, just as he brings it down here. Watch the quick feet shuffle there, and away from Callum Chambers. Tries to look nutmegs on Fabio. They're starting to really enjoy themselves now, Liverpool. Jordan Rhodes now coming on. Middlesbrough have made that change, it is indeed Negrado that makes way. Reversal of the switch that was made to the starting line-up. Difficult situation for Jordan Rhodes, he started at Southampton, was only a second off the season. Has been linked with a move away in January. Carlos Carvajal has come out and said that it's unlikely to be to Sheffield Wednesday where he was being linked. He had about £9 million to bring in here last January. Yet to score at the Riverside actually, Jordan Rhodes. It's an interesting one isn't it, Phil, that you spend that amount of money and you keep him on the bench. Especially with a side that do not score on offside. A lot of goals but Negrado obviously the top dog. Particularly in the system that Karanka's been playing, Negrado very much the main man through the middle. Yeah, I think Jordan plays better in a two as well. But I'll tell you something about him, he's not the type of kid that would sulk. He's a super young man. Karanka had promised him chances one of those games. At Southampton, albeit he didn't get a lot of service at St Mary's. Coming on today it will take some effort to turn this one around from here. Liverpool points. And of course for a fifth away win of the Premier League season by Neldon. Looking for Clyne, away by Gibson. The ball to Gibson. Red Britter. Key player in the Championship for them last season. Before that hernia injury. Barrahan with the touch. Back to Liverpool. Korea extended to 11 minutes off the bench in a Champions League qualifier. Against CSKA Sofia. He was 18 at the time. Took him a decade to return to the Premier League. And Karanka showed the faith to sign him from Valencia in the summer. He made the same move as Alvaro Negrado. Y Finally, Neteo's crucial feeling are the electoral loss of Corona. betrayal for the Chiefs. Leafs to Mehragoul climbed in from 3-0 on this game. 살� Cameron. And the three-ppyres of past grand card face. Nandaga re Ping Soli. still Milne he could see what he was trying Lallana with a touch Roberto Firmino back to Adam Lallana again haven't given up on the fourth goal James Milne scored five or more four times in 2016 in the Premier League of Liverpool shift through the gears again here Roberto Firmino to Divock Origi Lallana a little flip from Firmino Origi's ball in just about dealt with Lallana just wondering whether we'll see young Woodpump ten minutes to go in this game looks done now looking for a good we understand he's getting ready to make his first change he's been reluctant to turn to the bench recently having used all three of his substitutes in his first 30 games in charge claimed against West Ham last weekend it wasn't the right situation to bring the young players in you wonder at 3-0 up whether that might be difficult to get a chance to win it's a tough game it's a tough game it's a tough game I think it's going to be tough for him tonight but it's the experience Lucas instead that is about to be called for as Middlesbrough advance and try their luck from range not happening for foreshore from there yeah Lucas coming on he's certainly looking to add a little bit more experience and still see this game out Adam Lallana has been absolutely terrific tonight hasn't he he really has no hat trick but a deserving ovation from the travelling fans there's a bit of a surprise from the travelling fans they've got a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise there's a bit of a surprise from the travelling fans yeah a special night getting himself into the box as he does in that left hand position attacks it ever so well and again he just strolls into areas where he can cause bother get himself on the score sheet and with that goal just shows all the composure in the world like his head up get enough foot on it enough power on it and off the bench there comes Lucas as he did on these sides last met here in the Premier League in February of 2009 as the only surviving member of the Premier League in the Premier League and he's got a good performance and he's got a good performance and he's got a good performance as we've talked about I think the three points are obviously is a paramount importance but a nice clean shoot as well to all that's got on this week all that's been said that'll be a must for Jurgen Klopp surely but I do have to wonder if Loris Karius there would be thinking well I'm in your legs I can talk to you but I can't I don't know I don't know if it makes any sense or if the thought really comes out that he's taking theげer try the way he intended here he's not had an awful lot to do, that could have been me, it could have been my clean cheek. Well, they've come up against a side that have got the worst goal-scoring record in the country, so I'm sure he would have liked the opportunity to play, but as I said, I think this man was to his shot, he's waited on the opportunity, I think it's a right decision from the manager to take him out the firing line, and he'll come back stronger, I've no doubt, he's well regarded, Karius. Only old and athletic before tonight, it's got fewer goals than Middlesbrough, all four top divisions, and we haven't really seen too much of a threat from the home side, certainly in the second half. First goal, Jim, it really tends to be so important where Middlesbrough are concerned as well, they've only taken one point, and they've fallen behind, dramatically at Manchester City, Jordan Rhodes the target here, and he won't get his head to it, and finds Adama Traore with it, back into the box it goes, without a great degree of conviction, might get another chance here, Traore, and he's around James Milner, important block to Danai Mro, the greater reward. Yeah, I think the two centre-backs of Liverpool have done ever so well, when the full-back's been taken out, they get across, they shut out the light, they don't allow an easy ball into their box. Clavin with the block, fifth corner of the game for Middlesbrough, here it comes, and Mignolet makes it his. Now this is what late stage, Logan Klopp does call for Ovi Azaria, he'll be on shortly for only a second ever Premier League appearance, that started the last couple of AFL Cup ties, for a 19-year-old midfield player, three minutes in the 6-1 home win against Watford, his only previous Premier League experience, but maybe the ideal chance just to get him a few more minutes tonight. He dessas gay to drink in City, the IndianLajurik has to make engines pay chodzi Alex Eldredge dreaming play고요 in Taipei Inter bangla 공 earns Aqui When Thao ouvert man도 I see machine this know he gets big得 you hands on desk the effort this juncture isn't it here's Lucas I've been deputizing at center back recently funding Roberto Firmino Miller is the furthest forward again the ball came to him and he still has it here client no matter where Ricky and Becky game a free kick for the foul on that Roberto Firmino just outside the box players than explosive plays I catch some players but that man is short number seven to his donors energy levels tonight I've been absolutely brilliant but a man is not a life back you know he's been up and down all evening his own admission it's not his preferred position but so important to the side this season as the change is made you know I think it's a good thing that he's got a lot of energy and he's got a lot of energy it's why now them making way for a VH area in the Liverpool midfield first Premier League experience away from Anfield for the time the Arsenal youth team player just in preseason to include young Academy prospects on the bench in that recent matches and Victor Valdez is giving a lot of gold here to his right-hand side and he's got a lot of good players in the team I'm sure by Milner hands for me no it will be Roberto Firmino it's straight at the wall it's Henderson no threat about that one Jordan roads to try and clear players way out from the back in that's a risky policy the man taking that password of enjoyed that one you you parting of those two time chos sure Walker corner the goal he qualifies mixed feelings though bitter disappointment in the middle for midfield the to go on and see it through and get the clean sheet as well it will be without Joel Matip conceded nine goals in the three previous matches that he missed this season get there fast for place if not Nathaniel Klein Jordan Rose just wanted that shoved into the space to try and deliver deep to try and deliver deep to try and deliver deep pretty much missed it all together pretty much missed it all together Roberto Firmino in by money continued off in pursuit of a potential in by money continued off in pursuit of a potential through through to get goes on for Liverpool goes on for Liverpool has got that better has got that better written start THIS IS A THE CAUSE OF DISANDER RERencing Prodigy To ERICI NUNA 그렇죠 knock holding fire on the substitution isn't he while they Cecil Regis we go to the three-outed minutes I won't take any chances this late stage understandably still the young right back that's being called for so Regis congratulated by Jurgen Klopp and then queries maybe the extent of the injury as well but what a moment for the 18 year old Liverpool born four points away from home from home Premier League debut for Trent Alexander-Arnold has started the last two EFL Cup ties en route to the semi-finals in Southampton to come in January this is a big three points in the Premier League how it was needed by Liverpool taking just one from the last couple of games body language is rather different now isn't it it's a bad deal isn't it the manager's seeing the clock out isn't it he could have caught that one it's the Premier League's lowest scorers against the highest, fifth bottom against third from top and yet not many will be expecting a routine night at the Riverside for Liverpool one point from their last two games, a defence that's conceded four more than Middlesbrough this season and previous trouble on Teesside where they've not won in seven visits could make this an insightful evening Neil McKay yeah absolutely, I think Jurgen Klopp will be looking to try and obviously get back to you anyways but they can't be too wide open, although this Middlesbrough side are well organised and pretty compact they do have players with the explosive nature to go and exploit Liverpool if they leave too many gaps I see Negredo and Traore out in that wide position, if they get him the ball then he could cause bother and that is by a lucky four Traore, back into the team today to add an extra attacking edge for the early signs in that respect are promising yeah well he's hugging that far touchline yeah well he's hugging that far touchline there, if they get him the ball then he's going to be one on one he's absolutely rapid when he gets up to speed it's just his final ball at times lets him down the travelling Middlesbrough fans at the weekend were calling for his introduction throughout the second half Karankar had left him on the bench until the last ten minutes it's in for Stuani from the start in the early corner for the home side in front of a Walkers Riverside it would be Victor Fischer to take it that's a fairly comfortable clearance in the end for Adam Lallana it's a fairly comfortable clearance in the end for Adam Lallana open the scoring inside the first five minutes of the weekend against West Ham on his return to the team from a calf injury suffered on international duty no Emre Can available in that midfield no Sturridge or Coutinho either Liverpool front six is really picking itself just now it's the defence coming under pressure having come under such scrutiny this week it's the defence coming under pressure having come under such scrutiny this week just about get away with that one yeah pretty frantic start to the match Liverpool not quite composed themselves as yet Liverpool not quite composed themselves as yet says Wijnaldum to launch it long, a little too long in the end straight through to Victor Valdez and whilst the spotlight has been on the Liverpool goalkeeping situation Eti Karankar was only prepared to talk about his own custodian Eti Karankar was only prepared to talk about his own custodian he goes in between the lines ofする 들어 So far Amadeu Mane has played mostly from back which boxing rather n bad a bit shorter period on the third work That's about all that shared What are you doing to this phone number has changed I'm looking with my windows no water how you had to see a review on the zone I'm looking with my windows no water how you had to see a review on the zone charging through the centre of the goals. Back by Lallana here. Before the captain takes over, Jordan Henderson. Point playing. The only two ever presents in this Liverpool side in the Premier League this season. Henderson looks for Roberto Firmino. He might yet be able to pick up the pieces. Starting wide on the left again. He's been moved onto that wider role because of the injury to Coutinho. Origi playing through the centre. There is Divock Origi challenging for this. It's Wijnaldum to tear up for Henderson. I thought we were going to see Henderson shape one like he did at the weekend. Terrific save to stop Liverpool getting three points. They've worked this well. There's Wijnaldum with Origi in the middle. It's cut out by the captain. Behind by Ben Gibson for the first Liverpool corner. That structured shape of Middlesbrough is going to be really tested this evening. Watching Liverpool warming up. They use almost the whole team and it's all about different shapes, different movements, darting into areas. They've been such a threat from set-pieces all season. Have Liverpool scored more than anybody else in the top flight? Henderson with this one. And towards Sadio Mane. They won't get the chance to try again. It's gone for the goal kick. That look has a thousand words. There's another one going on. And again for good measure. That tells the story, doesn't it? Listen, I think it's good management because taking the goalkeeper out of the firing line and keep him in there, he continues to make mistakes. Not only does his own confidence suffer, the team suffers. And then you end up losing him for maybe two or three months before you can get any way back. So I think it's a decent call. One made easier, he said, by the form of Mignolet in training. And in a couple of league cup games where he's gone back into the team. Six goals conceded in the last couple of games, hence the recall for the former Sunderland man. BirKsel的zzle, in order for Mignolet to be re- cafes, in the player teams and teams against football. So just to double check doctors periods, Originally, doctors, doctors' minutes, and medical records. But nevertheless, the best thing is it's an Akidya plan. Chambers working it wide for Barrahan. He's now played against Liverpool as often as he played for them in his solitary season on Merseyside as a teenager in that one appearance in a Champions League qualifier. Well a risky pass with a full-back right out the game. This is Lallana. He's got a bit of room in which to work here. Invited really to take the shot off. I think it was Callum Chambers threw his body on the line there. Well being so well organised all season Middlesbrough under Antetokounmpo. As they were with 22 clean sheets in the Championship last season. Liverpool trying to provide a step up in terms of a test that they're facing tonight. Nobody has beaten Middlesbrough badly this season. Nobody's played them off the park have they? Well as... As realising your strengths Phil. You come up to the top division. You know you're probably not going to enjoy the lion's share of the ball. So you have to get things right to the back. Be strong. Don't get a lot away and try and grab something at the other end. I know it sounds obvious but it's something that Middlesbrough are doing very very well. Only Chelsea, Tottenham and Southampton have let in less goals than Middlesbrough in the Premier League this season. The problem of course has been at the other end. It has come at a cost. As they are the league's lowest scorers. And the Riverside have seen the joint fewest goals of any top flight down this season before tonight. Maybe before the top flight's top scorers rolled into town. But it's Middlesbrough advancing. Fabio in towards Victor Fischer. Dealt with by Dayan Lovren. Well listen we're speaking about how organised they are but they're not... They're not a defensive side. They open up. Fabio's almost playing as a left winger there. They are trying to stretch the game. FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR FIBERSIDE FLOOR dalam chambers there also goal scorer for oscar on the opening game against liverpool the start of this season before his year-long loan move Some vendors don't take a ranker how happy he is with the developments obvious player so far this season playing in his preferred position at center-back some drawing plays that on forward looking for trial right my two with tight through the touchline this time I think it's by Firmino. Perhaps hasn't been as effective in the last couple of games since being switched wider. He's kept that one in play, or has he? The other argument is that the top knot is gone and with it has his prowess in front of goal over the last couple of games. I'm delighted it's gone, let's be honest. A couple of games without a goal and the Liverpool fans will be calling for its return, I'm sure. I'm sure you get clip-on ones for Christmas, Phil. I'll try all right. We'll just start. They may be here to make something happen. The player that Ito Karanki was speaking about before the game, explaining why he didn't bring him on earlier, actually, at the weekend. He said that he's still got an awful lot to learn. He's doing that very quickly. He still makes mistakes, still needs to learn discipline on the field, is the way that he put it. But he's given him the chance here. Fabio will advance from full-back. If it's Birkeneyte, he'll be simulate the avalanche. In it. Arctic Intruders As well. Jahaan Schl Californian Jahaan is coming round. Pощip Olímpas Undertaker Noel Magchi Publicity O Matías Knowledge Experience Rehearsal Something else. Can he watch a football match? when he first got the chance with Manchester United. Guido dispossessed. Henderson has just kept it in. Or has he not? A little late, the decision. I'm not sure if we get Hawkeye on this line, have we? Because it's not insane. Leesman waited an awful long time to give that decision. It looked out from here, but Henderson played on until the whistle was blown. Was it all out? Yeah, I think it is. In the end up, it doesn't matter how long it takes, as long as you get there. Launched long by Chambers. That will fall for Traore. James Milner might have his hands full tonight. It is not a natural left back, but I think the general consensus has been outstanding in that position. But Traore is better when he's picking the ball from deeper positions. If you get him deeper in possession of that ball and he runs it, James Milner, then you're right. I think he could be in for a tough night. I think it was the Chelsea game here a few weeks ago. Twelve dribbles recorded more than any player in the Premier League for the last five years. That's the only thing he's got. I think he's got all the power in the world. He's got all the power in the world. He's got all the power in the world. I think he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. There's Caviello who will tease it through. Well, then taking no chances as he guides that one back to Mignolet. They haven't really tested yet. For sure trying to foray forward. That's crowded out of it in the midfield. Liverpool fantasy youngster. Former Everton player, of course. Two first-team appearances on the other side of Stanley Park. And now a key figure in this Middlesbrough midfield. . Speaking of Stanley Park, the Merseyside derby next up for Liverpool on Monday night after this. . Still trying to settle their way into this one tonight. . And a long one. . And quite hit their strides yet. . No, they haven't. And because they are so compact, the full back four is shuffling across. . And James Miller, twice now, has been wide open on the left wing for a switch. . . I'm pretty sure, I'm sure. . That's what Jürgen Klopp is telling them to do. . . . . . . from West Ham period pre Christmas that many Liverpool fans would have circled in the diary is that a chance really to push on and launch a title challenge happens yet we will pull it back with Henderson down their own just cotton late an awful lot of net that certainly enough to bring a free kick from John Moss just as it goes to play there then nasty one just on the side of the foot there's Henderson again this deeper lying wrong this season so much goes through the captain there's Lovren was a doubt tonight he came off a half-time against West Ham suffering cramps in his hamstring they didn't want to take the chance for him to play the second 45 at the weekend despite the Croatian insisting that he could it's Matic that misses out through injury tonight at the back instead there's Roberto Firmino chasing to try and keep the danger alive here point is intended but Milner helping him out yeah Adam Clayton got a crucial little touch on that Firmino had rolled on but Mackenzie as well from the gang Gate the back to a damn lovely content to sit deep just at the moment might be a familiar feet just opened up because we fought for that one to go it got a couple of stuff but those are just questions back to you it's in West Ham want to speak can't we ask the question up for Adam Lallana. Only for a split second. There's Henderson. Everybody bar Negrado back behind the ball. Henderson again and Divock Origi is offside. Yeah, very organised again, isn't it? Great concentration from the Middlesbrough back four. Origi just trying to bend the run. Steps in. It's a good call. From the linesman. Fantastic call. Liverpool just need to move it a little bit quicker. Try and break the shape. He's been the beneficiary of Coutinho's injury. Divock Origi with a little run in the starting line-up. He's scored in his last four appearances. 50th game for Liverpool tonight for Divock Origi. Fabio will get to that first. This is Fischer under pressure. Now there's Ben Gibson. A bit of extra intensity to the high press from Liverpool. Could it cost him at the other end? Now Super Bowl favouring Dan Lovren off Victor Fischer on that occasion. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Guido letting it run for Fischer in behind him. Feels he's getting to grips with the pace of the Premier League now since his summer arrival from Ajax. Third successive start. He played 90 minutes for the first time at the weekend. Yeah, he had a chance as well, didn't he? It does take time to settle onto the team. Different style of football as well, you would say. but the biggest thing is the opposition and the pace of the game here. That's for sure. And he switches it on to that right foot to get the shot away. One back by Fabio. He had a study O'Mahony. And he will take it on. All looking to open his middlesbrick out. Last goal actually was at the riverside. Stunning strike for Cardiff last season. Yeah, well, I think Negredo had pulled away on the back of Clava and just looking for it to be shaped. And manually did well. First real test of the evening. Couldn't spill it. Certainly increased the volume levels again. Foot on target from Fabio. Must be back doing his day job maybe here. Liverpool probing in possession again. This is good. Clavid. Milner. Dining with his captain Henderson with the space to deliver the cross-field ball for his England colleague Nathaniel Clyde. Sadio Mane. Usually the one to make something happen in those sort of situations. Little luck in the referee's direction. Absolutely correct decision. I think Mane realises he's losing his balance and dived onto the floor. Clavid stepping out from the back again before Wijnaldum takes over. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. Clavid. That's Clyde. And he will get it back from Sadio Mane. Clyde with the cross. Not only as far as Milner and still James Milner. Now Wijnaldum minutes very quickly getting the bodies back behind the ball again. Ulrike. That defence doing its job. Yeah. Yeah, you're absolutely spot on, Phil. It's how quick Middlesbrough react. They might have got done with a little chop inside from Milner, but didn't react so quickly. Just straight out into the faces of the Liverpool players, shutting any space down, any opportunity for a shot. Yeah, I'm just watching John Moss having a little discussion with Mane. And as I said, I think he gets it spot on. There's a little scoop here. And there's a little dive across Fisher. Close to the penalty line. No question. That is a correct decision from John Moss. Well done. There's Fulshaw again. Going to pull the strings. Finding Fabio to advance from fullback. Fisher ahead of him. Climb with what to do here. Still Victor Fisher. Just taken off him by Glove and Fabio to return it and ask further questions of that defence. Good defender from Glove. Clavant. Might be the counter, but Mane's not quite going to get on the end of that. Well, great play from Fisher. He had a subtle little block on Fabio just to create a space for himself. But Clavant came across and covered up the danger. Clicked by Negredo to Traore. Two changes to the team tonight combining here for Middlesbrough. Here goes Traore. First chance really to run at James Milner. Yeah, well, there you go. James knows he's not going to run him. At least keep up with him. Just body checks. This is what this young man's all about. Sees the grass behind the fullback. Knocks it and goes. He'll get one shot at that, I think. That's what Moss is telling him. That's the message for Milner, isn't it? From the referee. The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! The referee! Traore, a player who says that he doesn't know how quick he is over 100 metres, but he doesn't know of any player in world football that's quicker. Which has seen what he might be able to bring to this Middlesbrough team coming forward. Winning the free-kick, which Adam Fulshaw stands over. Very good. Very good! Very good! Very good! Very good! for sure to take it's a deeper delivery Gibson gets his head to it and Mignolet caught into action again yeah and the second time he's held on to it with Negredo sniffing around for seconds it's Ben Gibson he's up he's big maybe he just takes a little bit of deflection to take the pace out of it but again Mignolet down sharp holds on to it for his first ever Premier League goal against Tottenham in defeat here earlier in the season Ben Gibson back in the at the heart of the back four again here is Liverpool advance Caron up against Lallana oh John Moss needs a bigger studs in house from Luton and joy to Prof derecho well done Rex one last one this values is Cameron no it's okay so does race from Emina see but deal with both of it you could see there when aldum just takes a piece of the Ben Gibson header job done he can do is watch on but he's doing a lot of that just at the moment painful for carious you it was quite sexy his replacement that's a carrying that one out of the penalty area just about hangs on in the nick of time but he's got a lot of that in the back of his head Camino coming into a more central position again just at the moment finding out why now them now client thanks Liverpool fullback so far forward with being used to seeing that all season demands of the job according to both client and Milner very different under Jurgen Klopp than any other Premier League fullback really hence the fact he didn't study anybody else when he was asked to play the role at the start of the season according to Milner and then he was asked to play the role at the start of the season according to Milner he put it on in the pitch but the system screw's going to be dinner colleagues a and really has been laid down's a Liverpool to try and force their way through the final client to jordan Henderson it's Milner again really important night for Liverpool we were top of the table going into the last international break now six points behind Chelsea and kickoff this evening on 15 games unbeaten in all competitions until that surprising 4-3 setback the manner of it at Bournemouth in their last away game could be potentially damaging if they find the winning habit quickly again said before the game to Jurgen Klopp that it's difficult to know how to approach a match against Middlesbrough because they tend to switch up their style depending on who they're playing not be too surprised by how it's gone so far though as they want to get a Ricky in behind Troy as he turned into trouble he has in a kicker time he didn't in that lunatics to shut the door on him again when I think it's it comes to money well that's one here just decreasing on Alden he doesn't always I think it's Adam Clayton to get out and make the block. Coming back in there. Fair play to the midfielder. He's working back into that defensive position. Then he snaps into the challenge. Action off the coach. Summing up the story so far, though. Get us down with a missed opportunity for Liverpool. Now Traore in more familiar, comfortable territory as far as he's concerned. Yeah, well, his virtual opponent is a right full-back and he has to do that. I've been speaking about the way Liverpool are playing. And he'll make no apologies about how Middlesbrough are playing. They're here to do a job on Liverpool. They're asking questions. Can you break us down? And so far, they haven't been able to do it. Very few sides have, really, at the Riverside this season. Eighth home game. Of the campaign. And they've only conceded six goals here so far. And they've only conceded eight at home in the entirety of the promotion-winning season in the Championship. So it's not as if Karanka has changed his approach in the Premier League. Everybody knowing their jobs. Has Liverpool come again? This is Clyne. On the stretch, but delivers the cross. Stop it! And it's a great finish from Adam Lallana. And Liverpool have their lead. Well, I'm speaking about the switch, Phil. And Middlesbrough are working so hard to shift over to one side, get the full-back for a cross. But what that does is allow the wider full-back to get into an area, if he gets possession of the ball, to put in quality. And doesn't Clyne just do that? This is a wonderful ball. Touched out of him. Might be a little bit straight, but he whips it into an area. And he's begging to be. Attacked. And like so many times before, Adam Lallana times his run ever so well. And bang, that is a real solid header. Doesn't try anything fancy. Doesn't really try to direct it. Just get meat on it. Put it on target. And that is a wonderful goal. They have their reward. And again, it's Lallana who scores it, just as against West Ham at the weekend. It's Adam Lallana that gives Liverpool the lead. Made by his former Southampton colleague, Nafis. Nathaniel Clyne. Fifth of the season for Lallana already. That's one more that he managed in the whole of last year. Yeah, he's been a pivotal player for Liverpool. And England, you have to see. That's poor. That's just giving away an opportunity for Middlesbrough. James Milner just trying to cushion it back to Mignoli. The biggest problems at the weekend came after going in front when the mistakes began to creep in. Concentration is required here. A mix-up between Milner and Mignoli. Can Middlesbrough punish it? Foreshore again to take the corner. Up goes Gibson. It's just behind Chambers. Fabio. Well, maybe the counter-attack. Mane, though, couldn't get the better of Adam Clayton. Ferran will slip it through for Fischer. And it might open up for Middlesbrough here. Fires it in. Mignoli is there to make the save. That's a save. And a brilliant stop, Phil. It really is. Because I think everyone on the ground is expecting Fischer to smash this across goal to the gradle. But he doesn't. He just puts the laces on it and almost does Mignoli at the near post. He looks up inside. He doesn't look at the goal. That is a real smart effort. But a top stop. And here comes another corner. And as a result of that, again, it's dealt with. There's been a response from the home side to falling behind. Very swift response. For sure again. Ferran's made the run. Used his hand, I think. Right in front of the assistant referee. Well, just speaking about the team, the team is in a very good position. Well, just speaking about Carranca giving this man a few questions to answer about breaking the side down. And they did it very, very well. They used a wide area of the pitch so, so brilliantly. It stretched the game. He'll be a little bit happier now. Applying. See what he can do when he gets out of the way. No, he doesn't. He's out. He's out. No, he's out. That's one thing he can be proud to do when he gets into the sort of territory to deliver the cross. This play won't be something that Kinguttering's been trying to do when he gets into the sort of territory to deliver the cross. Cleaned it out of it this time, especially when he comes away with it. Doesn't get too far with it. And lovely try to wriggle his way. Nice good play. Liverpool pressing and probing Victor Valdez hadn't really had too much to do before picking that one out of the back of his net a few minutes ago this is Barrahan it's a full shot and now Clayton in that anchor midfield role this season that he says he's relishing he's found Fabio fish it to Fabio again Adama Traore as soon as he gets the ball at feet there's a couple surrounding him continuing to prove a real handful here there though there might be a change of set piece taker here Fulshaw's been over most of them Fisher's getting involved in the conversation but not for long no shortage of targets in that congested penalty area in by Fulshaw up the middle of the net up the middle of the net up goes Gibson it'll fall for Clayton it's a hit and hope how's your luck? yeah Lovren takes one don't know where he took it got himself in the way one way or the other as he needed to do didn't he Diane Lovren here goes Fabio again yeah I think Liverpool are really slow in getting out to the clearance dealt with the header first of all but didn't rush the ball drops to Clemenceau they where coin so does Watkins went to hold in it he's sour reached out listened yeah the bat Reacted that's my research brilliant bringing the ball through look at Clemenceau is it close it was oh I'd said out great top cue where did we go I got the wrong pitch it was a given ever I'm looking I'm strong overall I get the ball incredible Luke cook man this game he's heading out of the his wall a goal close pull see just shoot 봐 ball Well, this might clear things up. Lovren, as the shot comes in from Clayton. He's not looking at... That's him on the forehead. Might have just clipped a hand, but certainly no intention in it. CHANTING CHANTING Mane, back to Lovren. Liverpool trying to revert to type in terms of the pattern of play. Welsborough having much more possession over the last five minutes than it. And he's dozed it again, having gone behind 60% of it. Origi just running out of room. Well, Joel Matip did make the trip, as you can see, to Teesside, but not involved because of an ankle injury. Kept him out against Bournemouth as well a couple of games ago. Taking his seat behind some Liverpool legends. Kenny Dalglish. Ferry McAllister to his left as well. I think they have missed Matip this season when he's not been involved. Well, a space for Wijnaldum to surge into. Didn't last long. No, Traore's too never-so-well working back, being part of that defensive shape that Middlesbrough get into on counter-attacks. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING They're trying to turn away the head of steam. This will hit towards half-time. Lallana here, the man that's made the difference. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Well, Klavan's having to get used to a couple of different ways of playing. He's got to get used to a couple of different central defensive partners. Came on for Lovren at the weekend, in for Matip alongside Lovren tonight. They could be stretched here. Negredo was the target for Martin Dero. A difficult one for Negredo to take. He'd already turned his back on the run. Wanted the pass to be slid down the side. Dero just plays it. It's the curl-on that takes it in behind him. Henderson just getting caught in possession. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Victor Fischer doubling up as he has to do. Done a lot of that this season. It's taken the most getting used to, he said, since he came into the Premier League. And so Negredo wins the free kick for Middlesbrough. CHANTING Yeah, good roll from Negredo. Big, powerful, lovely touch. Klavan won't worry too much about that. CHANTING CHANTING formation where they're rotating their roles further forward. A little bit of space there for Traore, he's got the beating of Henderson. Adama Traore with a couple to aim for in the middle. It's Victor Fischer, it's behind him. It's foreshore! It's as close as Middlesbrough have come, blocked behind for the corner. Yeah, well there's a blistering pace for Traore out in that right wing. I thought he'd missed the chance, he's a notch past Henderson. They have just put it in there, but he didn't, he then wanted to take on Klavan. And it's a good ball into the box. And it's like Llanos walking back, gets the block. Another little glimpse of what he can do as the corner comes in, and it's claimed by Simon Mignolet. And he releases it very quickly. That distribution actually is one of the things that Karius himself has said he's been struggling to get to grips with in the Premier League, as he's used to it with Mites in the Bundesliga last year. He sees it, and Mignolet very quick to release the ball, but Middlesbrough have it back again here. For the danger man Traore. Almost to stop him. Well at times you need a tranquilising gun to stop him when he's on top form, and in that pace. As I said, when he's in space to run, that's when he becomes a real live wire. He never started a Premier League game for Aston Villa last season. His first experience of English football. Having more of a run since he made the move on deadline day. There's the road. Another of Middlesbrough's summer signings. Certainly strengthened since promotion. For sure wasn't getting a regular game in the Championship. That's all changed in the top flight. As Clayton will slip it through. Full trial rate. Cavaniere is well manned, and the cross doesn't come. Yeah, well this is where I was speaking about when he lets himself down with the final ball. He needs to work on that. He had an opportunity to put it in early. He's got to identify when the space is starting to close down. When to release it. But he's got so much potential. And under this man he'll be encouraged to keep on doing it. Keep on doing it. He said yesterday at the press conference when asked about Traore's limited role at the weekend. His job is to win games, to analyse opposition and training sessions. Not to watch the highlights reel of Adama Traore. But maybe he's felt the two could be married up tonight. Yeah, he's been a key figure for Middlesbrough when they have come forward. And ten by Milner. Yeah. Henderson forward. I thought Firmino was his target. It will come for Clayton here though. Trying to make himself available. Trying to pick out the run through the middle of Victor Fischer. And still Victor Fischer is looking for support now. Yeah, well the support wasn't coming and quickly was it? Liverpool looking back very quickly. And a foreshore to Fischer again. Trying to apply the pressure. Heading for half-time. These fans were expecting a lot of red jerseys to make up the numbers there just to support Fischer. That's Barrahan. Towards Martin de Roon. Farfan. He wants to keep his feet. Finds Divock Origi. Mane through the middle. And he's in. And it does open up here for Sadio Mane. Oh, so close to 2-0. Still maybe the chance. It's Origi. And that wasn't far away either. Liverpool finishing the half with a flourish but not quite with their second goal. Well, it's a brilliant run from Mane. It goes one way. It goes wide there. Then he just checks across Ben Gibson. And as Ben Gibson thinks he's got him slowed up, he takes it on the left. That's a very good shot. Adjus hits it with the instep. Takes it onto the post. Origi following up. But a clever move from Liverpool. Get a slice of luck, Middlesbrough, off the outside of the post. But just a little flavour of what this man's got just bursts into life. What a difference a second goal might have made at that stage. Liverpool still fancying it perhaps. And a free kick conceded by Roberto Firmino. Mane so close to his eighth of the season. He's Liverpool's top scorer. Who they will be without, of course, for January at the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal. Might be one for Jurgen Klopp to ponder come the transfer window if the likes of Sturridge and Coutinho are still struggling with injuries. Coutinho targeting a New Year's Eve return against Manchester City. Yeah, absolutely. I think he would definitely like to look at that one. Those types of players are not readily available though and certainly not at a cheap price. I think if he's delving into trying to add something to the squad of the quality of those boys he'll be paying heavy bucks. There's De Roon for Middlesbrough. Like I say, they will be doing something in the window as well. He's just not quite sure what yet. There's Traore. At times the Liverpool defence is not quite sure what he's going to do. They deal with it on that occasion. Mane brings it away. Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane. Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane. Lovren goes long. He's asking a lot of Milner but he is the furthest forward from full-back and he will get there ahead of Barrahan. He's popping up everywhere right now. Henderson takes over. See what Deon Lovren was trying. Wijnaldum. He's put himself in position. This is Klein to keep it in. See what he does. He can do from those sort of positions already. Keeps on coming back. Henderson to Lallana. Sadio Mane. Milner. Not this time. No, he's holding his face but I know exactly what he's doing.