and Chelsea who seem to have slammed the door on their title rivals they've left it slightly ajar yesterday after that home defeat to Crystal Palace and preparing for this game with a lot of Arsene Wenger thoughts suddenly you've got to start thinking about Manchester City and the potential of actually winning the league again there's a lot of Fs in the next three or four days particularly sorry Pep Guardiola's interview before the game I think he's shirt that question over the last few weeks said they're out of the race it's Chelsea's but there's just a little bit of a blink I think if there was a win today beat Chelsea would be a nervy time for Chelsea who've been brilliant all season City would grow in confidence I know it's sounding a hate hot turn the game around between these two in December a pivotal time for Arsenal really double defeat in the Northwest midweek at Everton at Manchester City both in games in which they led and then lost got a free kick here, Ronce Marin at the referee sorry Gary Navas' first involvement in the game is to give a foul away tucking in narrow trying to cover ption When the top side is losing, Mourinho, who was the declarer to future Man Utd lost four of their last five league games, six of their last nine games in all competitions David Cabejero will be able to come out here Javi Guardiola, left side City's last game was that to draw him home to Liverpool and Guardiola at the post. you can be happy with that absolutely loved the nature of it said it was one of the great coaching days of his life I feel if they win by Sterling thinking about a shot and thinking better of it it's far too easy for Manchester City there to play through from Fernandinho into David Silva that's not enough to do better than that Chaka and Gokulam in particular as the former Arsenal man Gareth Clichy and the fight goes up against Aguero Ospina does well to keep it out anyway that's where he's at his best Sergio Aguero living on that last line in between both centre-backs just probably goes a little bit too early we've not got control of him he could have held his run he normally does well it shouldn't be dull Arsenal scored 96 goals in all competitions this season City 95 here's Fernandinho trying to slip Sterling and it rebounds off Raheem Sterling but he would have known from his angle it wasn't going in we couldn't be quite so sure up here it's a long way wide in the end with the ricochet spoken a bit to the match about those diagonal runs in between full-back and centre-back of both Sané and Sterling Chaka slips and then the through it's a devastating short counter Chaka does really well the goalkeeper he's out quickly great starting position against Alexis Sanchez then but went to Arsenal way and now Sanchez is way looking for Welbeck another deflection and this time a more dangerous one to the opposing goalkeeper off Welbeck and some of the fans around the ground thought that was in just got to deal with the long ball Welbeck does really well with that to mend it tackles harasses him doesn't allow him to clear it and then puts a blocked tackle in on Klichy not sure that he's the strongest he's throwing it Sané chasing he's got the better of Bellerin Sané round the goalkeeper and Guinness World Record Manchester City a lead inside five minutes simple for City really and Arsene Wenger will be absolutely furious and it won't help the mood in the stadium that's for sure it's devastation he's brilliant him he's gonna be one hell of a player you would hate to be against him Mustafi gets drawn out of his position and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone I'm not sure if he absolutely means if he does it's unbelievable from De Bruyne but Sané's run through Sterling had given Monreal a warning over the other side Bellerin's now got it you cannot allow this type of player inside you does he keep his composure absolutely it's brilliant taking it round the goalkeeper who's rushing out to him he's under pressure from the full-back wonderful from Sané and what a start for City Arsenal flailing Sané finishing powerful coming from seal situation I dickor you can't believe channels fault right inside the first five minutes the wide Hector Berrida is so quick going forward, he's been exposed a few times in recent weeks going back the other way. He didn't have the pace to deal with a really rapid opponent, it must be said. As soon as Mustafi goes out, he's got to get inside Sané, he cannot stand outside him. Because he is quick, Bellerin, but he isn't gonna catch Sané once he's the wrong side of him, and it's brilliant, it's absolutely brilliant. It's everything you want from a wide player, holding the positions wide but then being devastating, going through the middle and acting like a forward. A pleased manager, but one who realises there's still 85 minutes to go. First blood here to Manchester City. In a manner typical of the contest, we expect to see... Arsenal better book up quick, or else it'll be moody around here. Yes! Xhaka. Looking for Alexis Sanchez, the bend on the pass, Sanchez played his part too. Real galking up from left-back, still Sanchez. How is it? Sané into his fellow countrymen very quickly. And here come the City slickers again. It skips away from Raheem Sterling. And it's a good sign for the Whatever the rights and wrongs of Arsene Wenger's future on that debate, there's no doubt here there's a hugely uncertain mood around, not just the fans, the behind the scenes as well. Yeah. No uncertainty from Andre Mariner, though. The encouragement that Arsenal might need in this game is over there with Navas, who's now on a booking after a shocking tackle there. That's a poor one from Navas, really is. He's not a defender. He's just proving it there, looks a little bit like a coward's challenge, and now he is in a bit of trouble. Fede Alexis Sanchez, get him the ball. Interesting. Yeah. He's got a bit of a problem. He's got a bit of a problem. He's got a bit of a problem. I mean, Fernandinho started that right back, didn't he, against Liverpool in City's last game, but they changed it at half time. And those have started to go, and I don't know if he kept on going or he would have got it, but it's that kind of languid movement that makes his critics sit up and at least mentally pant, rather anti-comment. The rumours are that he's holding out on a tune in the second half, and he's got a £270,000-a-week contract. I think if that was him, I'd sign it. Because at the moment, his favour seems to be running out around the ground as well. I think the people are working him out. There's no doubt of the talent, but there are far more talented players who work hard and don't have the body language of him. Aguero. Reaches Sterling, and perhaps it shouldn't have done. Back to Fernandinho. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. David Silva, De Bruyne to hit it first time, and hit the post. Silva. And Ospina keeps it out, still with David Silva. Manchester City trying to put this game to bed very early on. And they're getting encouragement from Arsenal's... poorest defence. They go on the ball, they're anxious, Arsenal close. And the anxiety is all around the stadium, not just on the pitch. And the home goal could change all that. And out by Stones. Sterling. Brought by the eagerness of Alexis Sanchez. And by Manuel. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. Milotic... Instantly aware of the position of Aguero. And he's got Bellerin from that first-game centre, and he looks like he's got him again in his first 10 minutes. The full-backs going to have to do something. Changed his approach, brings somebody back alongside him, asked Mustapha to come across, to walk up to come back. Leroy Sané also with Germany again. Where he first did caps, since the European finals in France last summer, when the Brits were against England, and a 1-0 win in Dortmund. I think they make the full-backs nervous, Sterling and Samir, because they hold the position so wide, they're always on the shoulder on the last line of defence. Which means they're not quite sure of where they are. And the space is then developing between centre-back and full-back. APPLAUSE Stones. And they knew it would help Brazil qualify for the World Cup finals in Russia next year. Well done. And Ozil hoping to get behind Manchester City with the help of Sanchez. Nice, they've got numbers in the middle. Goal! Goal! And the flag is up for offside, and there's numbers. The offside was before any penalty claims. Manchester City have started this game well, but there's a big flashing red light. Jesus, Navas there at full-back. He's struggling, there's no doubt. He's not in control, these are the chances. De Bruyne at the edge of the box. Great technique. And he comes back to Silva, who looks offside, wasn't given. And Spina... Does well at the near post. Headed forward by Mustafi. What a man, Nick. No doubt that he'll play like Danny Robert. Arsenal have got someone for him. Who could possibly unnerve the Stones-Otomendi combination. This comes Koscielny. Sanchez. He's starting to pick up the tempo, but already a goal down. Failed in. Had a close-up view of that goal. And to be a catalyst for change. And the course of the match. That's the phrase you're gonna hear a little bit about, it's come from Ivan Gazidis. He's accepted here. The one reservation that I have about that Gazidis comment is that I'm not quite sure he would have said something so strong in a fans' forum. Might be change to support Arsene Wenger's management. Yeah, and I'd like to know the context of the word catalyst and how it was delivered, if you like. I mean, they've been so tight here, the board, in terms of how they've approached the Arsene Wenger situation, I can't believe they were so lax to let a bombshell off in a fans' meeting. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Apologies from Coppola. Might be about to escape a yellow card. I certainly want some word. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Mm. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Oh, that was shown. Yeah, not surprising. Aldo Marin has refereed this fixture three times before and Arsene have won all three. Sterling. And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our We'll see about that. And there's De Bruyne. They're trying to make up for that. It might have been a bit late. I'm not sure the referee saw it straight away, but it's been alerted to it. Maybe by his assistant. It was a free-kick to Arsenal. I think he just allowed it to be played on to see whether Theo Walcott actually could connect to the end of the pass and then brought it back. I haven't really got Walcott into the game yet. can make those runs that we've seen Sané and Sterling make in between full-back and centre-back. City really trying to push that line up, stay out of the box. Posh them in Monaco, remember? A little toilers' team. Here is Walcott, sure anxious to play on display for his club, but also to remind Gareth Southgate of his fit and firing, having been left out of the latest England squad. And then back to the back, still trying to get back into the England fold, of course, and he missed so much football. And he was quickly off his line. And that's it. And that's it for De Bruyne, but showed too much of it to Fernandinho. De Bruyne, wanting to break down the line there, but no-one was forthcoming. And I can see City favouring this left-hand side. That's how it is. Fernandinho, nicely laid off by Sterling. This is where having Jesus Navas in that right-back role certainly helps him and the team. Very much known as a winger. Yeah. But Sanchez doesn't go back with him like he didn't know. Sterling. Alexis Sanchez does make the interception, tries to get away. He was being fouled, but he didn't want to go down. A ball in. Hard-urging Chaka to play it to Walcott. In the end, he's split. Walcott and Alexis Sanchez. Alexis Sanchez, who's led Fribourne and Labour in vivir finished 18smiles with a start from the straight 1. And from that display he shut the deal. uks, Sanchez kicked off the section in the left side. Seeing photograph of Schulze. Seems he seems gave a lot of, these first six games in season, from the back relation at the end. Oh, Schalke and Hückel and Gülçit in the last 60 seconds, they're just forcing it a little bit. City have been the best team in this first 18 minutes, but there's still probably been enough for Arsenal to encourage them, particularly around City's right-hand side of the defence. And Arsenal set up to stop City playing from the back, and I think they clip it towards the half, and it's all read by Mustafi. It's now Aguero taking it on, for Guardiola's team. De Bruyne, to silver, to ease up De Bruyne, he in turn, Sterling. And David Silva. Navas. Silva. That's a lovely cross too. All the Spanish players involved, including Héctor Bellerín, who deals with the delivery from Jesus Navas. He was patient from City. He did well, Navas. Really good cross. Well, there's no Craig Dawson in the Manchester City ranks, which Arsenal will be relieved about, but to be fair to the Gunners, they only conceded once from a corner prior to the two they conceded at West Bromwich Albion, and they're lucky. Last game. Turns out to Fernandinho. It was a difficult ball to hit, but he hit it pretty well. Certainly kept it low. He did do well, Koscielny took it full on. Fernandinho got to... ...puck around Kyle just earlier. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. They've got to trust themselves, these Arsenal players. They are a good passing team. THEY'RE A GOOD PASSING TEAM. And they pop it about. One-and-two touch. Certainly the passes from Xhaka and Kofi on that we just talked about, the long ones are not what they're good at. They work their way through the middle of the pitch. Big combinations. And they just stick to that. And Monreal. Sanchez. Might get it again. Still might get it again. And Monreal. Xhaka. Mustafi. Chances for Bayern to impose himself on the attacking sense. Mustafi. Xhaka. A little shot on him, but... ...seeming not to use it there. Into Ozil. Said he's got it. He could be in trouble here. Ozil. Ozil tried to roll the defender. It was good from Arsenal, they showed more patience, even though the fans were asking them to be a little bit more forceful. I have to say, Johnstone should have got tighter to Ozil. It's a good chance. 20 minutes have flown by here. Go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Yeah, Ritter will leave spaces with Silva and De Bruyne in there as well. They aren't the best at the back. As Silva came short there, De Bruyne was looking for... Played over the top, as Arsenal held a very high line. As Otamendi placed down by Rijkaard. Oh, he caught... in it both from the static he's not ducked the importance of today and all his match conversations with the media and he always fronts up his experience has been around a long time it must be tiring the questions continually coming at him about his future and when's it going to be announced walcott early stones very well come back again with sanchez and now then towards ursula side and the north london voices are raised we're getting down that side sanchez talk about the left for city getting the left from arsenal as well definitely it's not right down that side for city at all so right foot was nacho monreal a big impact going forward monreal he's got to do his job against sterling he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity was that the appreciation over 20 years or was that the appreciation over 20 years or thank you and goodbye i'll leave it to you to i'll leave it to you to interpret it interpret it having last finished outside the top five in last finished outside the top five in 1995 this was the last time so apparently 12 points in front of activity so apparently 12 points in front of activity That doesn't help us in being in a situation that Tottenham are doing so well. Aguero. Tani losing out to the Italian partner Koscielnyk. He was rather limped away from the challenge after that. Mustafi got knocked over. Centre-half shouldn't get knocked over, Gary, should they? THEY LAUGH They've been quite aggressive in this first 25 minutes, they have tried to get tight wherever possible. On the goal that City conceded, Mustafi went in aggressively into midfield. Come on, Ken! And then she just tucked in a little bit narrower. Come on! That might have got that, that thought was better. Well played by Arrén. From Xhaka. They'll be happy, Arsenal, the game's settled down a little bit, City were by far the better team in that first ten minutes or so. Arsenal are doing a little bit better now. Xhaka. Mourinho gives it to De Bruyne, Sterling could be put in here. Sent him too wide. Plenty of support for Raheem Sterling. THEY CHANT APPLAUSE I think he was... ..foul, but... ..also got away with that, but couldn't get away with the ball subsequently. And a slipper from Raheem Sterling. The initial pass from De Bruyne wasn't the best, too, he wanted it more narrow so he could run through on goal, and pushed him wide. THEY CHANT It was a good chance for a counter-attack for City. THEY CHANT A little bit of explanation from Andre Marriner. We're going to see the fruits of your labours with the referee and you and Jamie Carrier. A programme coming up on Sky Sports. Which would be... ..I would say a must-watch. Set my Sky Plus for it. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. Now Mustafi. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. They must have scored early. And Arsenal walking their way back into the contest. THEY CHANT They've got the better Fernandinho. THEY CHANT And he goes, and Andre Marriner having not penalised Wilcox, isn't going to rule in his favour either. But when Mustafi was on the ball, Arsenal's central midfield players, Shakur and Coquelin, have got to show that it's been the basis of Arsenal's game for 20 years under Arsene Wenger, that the two central midfield players build the attacks, that the back four can always find them, they've got to get on the ball, those two. THEY CHANT They've got to be available. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Toure, the player left out. They've got to switch Fernandinho into midfield, he didn't do very well against Liverpool. Obviously he hasn't caught the eye of Pep Guardiola in the training, not away on international duty these days. THEY CHANT He's amongst the substitutes, a distinguished list on the City bench. THEY CHANT And the company, Zabaleta, Kolarov. It wouldn't surprise you to see Jai Toure and Delph and Fernandinho go to right-back at some point in the game for City. THEY CHANT They're going to be in the top three. THEY CHANT What did you make of Theo Walcott in this incident? Well, it didn't look great. No, it's a shocking one again. I've seen quite a lot of these in the last few weeks. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT There's it. Here's Sanchez, Monreal, rolling forward from left-back in towards Ozil. For Sanchez, always great. Andre Mane had a good angle on it. City only at the second attempt get it away. Sané... ..against his German international colleague Mustafi. Thought he could run him, but Mustafi slid in. It was that last ditch on Sanchez. It looked a good one from Fernandinho, but that problem coming down that side again for City. You wondered whether Ozil should have taken the shot, but he gets a good touch on the ball. Fernandinho, he was needed. City's problems are all down that side. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. His game-management sense. His game-management sense. Jacket looking long for Welbeck. Jacket looking long for Welbeck. Finding him. Bale range to put him on the inside. Here he is. Welbeck. Jacket. Ozil. Sanchez tries to bend it. Sanchez tries to bend it. He's always a confident boy. Sanchez believes in himself. And he should do in this game. And Alassie's doing that one where he holds his hands behind his back and turns his back. Not great to see. There's the tackle. Little touch on the ball from Fernandinho. Well done to him. Well done to him. And Reus. And Reus has been. He always comes to the game not knowing when we thought we'd play three at the back. And we thought we'd play three at the back. in a large part of this build. And Navas is playing right-back. I'm not quite sure it's paying off in this first half an hour, It's giving Arsenal plenty of encouragement. It's giving Arsenal plenty of encouragement. Jacket. Looks to that sort of area again. And Navas does well. And Navas does well. You've got one side initially, but then got back, You've got one side initially, but then got back, well. but it's tough for him, you should expect. but it's tough for him, you should expect. It took a really good full-back to play against Alexis Sanchez, let alone a makeshift one. Mourinho. And a stretch by Koscielny, offside, against Alexis Sanchez. I'll warn you what's coming up next weekend. Tottenham, they have a chance of chasing down Chelsea after the results yesterday. They're home to Watford, 1.30am Sky Sports, 1.00am Crystal Palace, who have made the headlines, and home to Arsenal, that's Monday Night Football, a week on Monday. That was an April Fool yesterday, wasn't it? Chelsea 1, Crystal Palace 2. Incredible result. And that gives Tottenham and City a little bit of hope. Sanchez. Otamendi will get there first. That was caught by Granit Xhaka, who has, shall we say, a chequered past in disciplinary situations. He's in trouble again. My initial feeling was that it was dramatic from Otamendi, but he can be. And he just caps him on the back of his heel, and he's thrown himself to the ground, the centre-half. Not sure there's too much in it. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR It's OK. In his first season at Arsenal, played against Manchester City last season, in a ten-pins lead with Borussia Mönchengladbach. There is rash, and he does get carded a lot. Mm. He's got a poor disciplinary record. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR I'm not sure there's too much damage to Otamendi. I knew what he was doing. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR I'm sure he's thinking about that right-hand side of his defence. FANS ROAR That must be occupying his mind. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Lost away a little bit, City. Not passing it anywhere near as well as they were earlier in the game. Yeah, the width of the post helped Arsenal stay in it. That's what we saw from De Bruyne, and the follow-up save by Ospina from David Silva. 2-0. Xhaka. Well done. Going out to Sanchez to confront Jesus Navas again. FANS ROAR He was retrieving his pass that was intercepted with typical gusto, and he got a free kick out of it, Alexis Sanchez. Not really sorted between them, Navas and Sterling. He could have threaded that one through to Monreal against Sanchez, and then he picks up the loose ball. Hesitant Raheem Sterling just sticks a lazy leg out, gives Mesut Ozil a better chance. The two previous... The previous free kicks have been from a lot deeper. This one's a good position. One of the two players about whom there is the most publicity day in, day out at Arsenal. Will they, won't they stay? They've got to miss up to Mendy if they're gonna cross it. The last two have hit him. Sanchez optimistic enough to try and get the left-foot on it to beat Caballero one side or the other. And he plays it in rather than goes for goal. That's the one big plus point of having that high line. If you put too much pace on it, attacking players can't get in there quickly enough. You've just got to take a little bit off it. You see the evidence there that Arsenal are getting stronger, or have been stronger in this last ten minutes. They've got to try and do here what they can. They've got to try and do here what they can. They've got to try and do here what they can. And we've got to try and do here what City did to them at the Etihad in December. And win by coming from behind. And City have stopped playing. They've started to go a little bit longer. And obviously Sterling, Sané and Aguero, that's not gonna work for them. Stafford and Koscielny picking up those balls. Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go right, go left! Lewis, Sané, handball is given. That's a decent angle from which to try and catch that's a decent angle from which to try and catch out the high line out the high line that kept going any other favours defensively. You can see there, really high. You can see there, really high. You've just got to make sure that... You've just got to make sure that... which guides it in towards the penalty spot. There it goes. Not quite deep enough. Back by Monreal, must have been offside. And it peters out to City's liking. Pep Guardiola, interestingly, he's actually waving his team up the pitch, waving his back four at the pitch, telling Caballero to kick it. Which he's not seen that many times. Saying, wait, get at the pitch. THEY CHANT De Bruyne, take care of the dropping ball. David Silva's got to behind Xhaka. Pass again forcing Sterling a little bit wider than he wanted to be. And there's the full-man, off-match, Monreal. A disappointment there for Arsene Wenger would be that ball, played up by Caballero, De Bruyne's brought it down and controlled it. But he's looking for a league double over Arsenal, for the first time since the 1975-76 season. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Of course, at the moment, a second goal would really help. John Stone's trying to supply it. THEY CHANT WHISTLE BLOWS One of those years ago, Scotland midfielder Asa Hartford scored in both wins. England strikers Joe Royal and Martin Lampard, they've won. Rodney Marsh also on target in the game in North London. Not here, of course, at Highbury. THEY CHANT APPLAUSE THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They've been in there richer years, the recent years. They haven't been winning here, Manchester City. Mancini got the only success they've ever had in the Premier League. That was at this ground three or four years ago. THEY CHANT They did poor on the ball. Two Arsenal central midfield players, their positions are poor, they're not ready to receive the ball on the half-turn. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT To me, that's probably the one thing they need to sort out at this moment in time. THEY CHANT Coquelin's ahead of the ball, not quite sure he's running into a left-wing position. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT There's Mustafi. THEY CHANT They're not ready to take it out, but Bayern can take it on for Arsenal. THEY CHANT They're trying to... THEY CHANT ..build a road to recovery here. THEY CHANT That might have been another step along it with... THEY CHANT ..Elsao trying to get behind Fernandinho. Another Arsenal corner, they're taking it quickly. THEY CHANT Fernandinho's doing nearly well, Fernandinho. THEY CHANT Wilcott. THEY CHANT Wilcott. THEY CHANT He's smuggled it in. THEY CHANT And Arsenal are level. THEY CHANT That road to recovery gets a little longer, a little wider. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They'll be getting back to it in this game, Arsenal, since they've stopped playing. THEY CHANT A little bit of sleep, no urgency to close it down. And they're coming out. Well, that's Coletier. Yeah, it's enjoying the reflection, actually. They're not the believes already, but that was quite a peculiar shot. But also this happened a little later, the energy of the course is increasing, which has given Arsenal another chance of trying to do better nights. Unaware that in any way they'll end up winning FIFA because they beat the L czyli after a München victory it once more. That's the biggest比 scripture here. But in Sanовать Channel only on IRVC News And here's Sané, who had given City the lead early on. As you said, Gary, City just had turned it off a bit, they'd paid a price for it, and here's Sanchez, found by Ozil. He needs to get his head up, and there were two to the left. Even Pep Guardiola saying to Cavieiro, kick it long from the goal kicks is something you don't normally see. It's almost like get through to half-time, 1-0 in front. Which they haven't done. 15 minutes in, they stopped doing the right things, the things that were serving them so well in that first period of the game. They looked fantastic. Clichy. De Bruyne tries the flick and it's sort of come off. De Bruyne, oh, it's defected against the post. Off for Laurent Koscielny. They've hit both posts now, and he's been involved. Two times, Kevin De Bruyne. And he rolls up again. Still De Bruyne. Sterling. De Bruyne. Comes out to David Silva. Now Aguero. City are back in front. Sergio Aguero found the angle. It's a hammer blow to Arsenal, having worked so hard to get level. It's a massive hit. City have said, we'll let you get level and then we'll start playing again. And they've reacted quickly. It's poor for more Urza in the middle of the pitch, not quite sure what he's doing there, kicks it right against Silva. This is brilliant from De Bruyne, doesn't quite get there, and then David Silva, if you want a man to do the right thing, make the right pass, it's him, and he does. And who's on the end of it? Sergio Aguero. There's only one outcome, you know he's gonna fire it into that final. He's deadly when you get so close to goal. It's past Ospina, before he can dive. Arsenal all over the place. And City back in front. He looks, he looks. It's just the speed of the strike that beats the goalkeeper. Well, since all that talk about Aguero not being a Guardiola player, he's scored eight in eight. A real big one indeed for the Pisces. Didn't play in the home game,skinned. He was suspended. There is giving it away with credit and another 90super. and that is the sign of a sagging team Mustafi and Jack have been encouraged to try and knock it off the length of the pitch he didn't expect a nil-nil today did we? no impossible these two teams I think both of them struggled defensively it's gonna be first to the hundred both got 97 in all competitions is that a conceded goal or a score? well the Arsenal goal is the 50th conceded by Pep Guardiola since he took over as City's manager not him personally but by the team he has set out it's interesting that Gaiatore is warming up for Manchester City it wouldn't be surprising to see him introduced and Fernandinho go to right back here's Danny Roelbeck but the handball was spotted for a moment it looked as though it wasn't but er... Andre Marrano saying I saw that Pep Guardiola's been crazy at the assistant referee because he feels as though he should have been the one flagging but maybe he did through the microphones that they have Got to mend it Mustafi saying he got the ball the referee didn't think so Ferrer fouled two added minutes he's deflated them strange isn't it? first seven or eight minutes of the game the last couple of minutes yeah Manchester City supreme not so in between stop come on come on come on out come on out kick him kick him front kick him front kick him front kick him front here by Koscielny back by Fernandinho covering across at right back here's again the Brazilian silky play and again the player is diving in left right and centre simply a good shot Well, that could so easily have been a second equaliser for Walcott. That was a really good touch from Theo Walcott, good spot from Sanchez, he was against Navas. Pretty much do what he wants. That first touch that's good, that gives him a chance. orb Advisory