former Arsenal trialists can you believe, getting on for 14 years ago one that got away and just thinking Gary about Laurent Koscielny, those two games against Bayern Arsenal fell apart when he came off injured in the away game and then when he was sent off in the home game they haven't done well without a player that can only assume he's injured yeah he wouldn't be substituting otherwise and I have to say has got a feeling this game if City really want it and perform and don't let Arsenal off the hook it could be a poor day Skampa hasn't quite read the greens yet something he didn't see that probably just as well well the change for City is not is one that we thought may happen but Navas I think he stayed it right back Fernandino's behind him at the moment Navas is right back and de Bruyne is on the right side of midfield and yeah Torre and Fernandino in the middle Silva number 10 off Aguero Arsenal have to come again if they can there's Otamendi Mario Torre didn't cover himself in glory in the game against Liverpool just before the international break and now Fernandinho with a cynical clip he's smiling he knew what he was doing cynical stopping the counter-attack a smiling assassin take one for the team in case the Sanchez got away and then a few of these in the first half Arsenal I just wonder whether Ozil rather than trying to whip it in just drops it floats it towards the penalty spot and allows Arsenal's players time to be able to run it because that gap is so big they pushed up so high City's back line bring in Ozil towards the next goal notice Lots-a-altra it was better better pace on the ball maybe a little bit straighter would have been better I'm just thinking about far by Fernandinho how they had a player here you'll remember gilberto who used to do it also from Brazil used to do the same sort of job and wasn't averse to an attack could be dangerous much more back from Arsenal had a bit of devil in them I was gonna say in happier times for Arsenal look at the dates up and around the stadium here 2004 the last title the unbeaten Invincibles Chaka they're not beaten here yet the Gunners but they trail 2-1 I see more from them in the second half the Arsenal central midfield players they've got to be better Chaka indefatigable Sanchez holds off Aguero good South American confrontation there De Bruyne to try and find he's found him just a little bit behind Sergio Aguero and a run back by Jesus Navas from Mustafi and a turnover to put De Bruyne in behind and he drills with a crushing memory made the equaliser for Aguero against Liverpool from the right hand side with a beautiful driven ball low into the near post area and it comes Caballero and it comes Caballero Clichy Clichy Clichy Jai Toure Jai Toure and Fernandinho hunting down by Coquelin hunting down by Coquelin hunting down by Coquelin and then and then struggling with a sore Achilles tendon struggling with a sore Achilles tendon and then sang alive sang alive sung alive sang alive more Abdul Bakary more Abdul Bakary to win three outiej Come on coming away games for City for Breuner for Stones for Breuner recognising you can go back to go forward for the protest groups for the Arsenal fans there backing the team and without the manager at the moment that they need all the help they can give them strangely they're only one point worse off than at this stage last season and they lost their 28th game as well which this is this time around it was here too against Swansea they still went on a 10 game unbeaten run to finish off the campaign in second place withpical take a closer look at this enable overhang overhang PD He didn't say he gets too much on it. Good climb by Otamendi. And Dino's got to be careful, he's had to bundle red cards already this season. And here's Walcott. Just a square-it for Berin. Sane. Good challenge by Xhaka. Sanchez, Monreal not tracked. Unable to whip it in. And a good, solid Otamendi-type header to get it away, and that's what it got. We've seen two good crosses from full-backs. City not improving in stopping Monreal getting forward, and Otamendi's needed at that near post. Underdose! Underdose! Mustafi going towards it. He got it. And Arsenal have levelled again. Yes! City static, they're still organising it, I'm not sure whether they were organised quickly enough. And he's already in the air. And as good as Otamendi is, it is spring. Once Mustafi gets up, he's no chance, and it's just whether he can guide it. We saw Aguero at the other end get too much on it, but he's perfect from Mustafi. And Caballero, no chance, Arsenal 2-2. With a really good header. Well, his team are back in business. And Manchester City's defensive frailties, and he's got his surface again. CHEERING I saw the goal that... ..Arsenal conceded at West Brom, and they've come up with one of their own. As good as City are going forward, you'd have to say you could see four or five additions being brought in, not just at goalkeeping and defence but also in holding midfield. They're not good enough, nowhere near as a unit or individual, and they're all over the place at right-back here. Sanchez. Sanchez, Monreal. Toure, that's a sloppy ball away, helped by Kokelaer's industry. Stones has to step in, Silva is fouled. Just eagerness to get the ball. Monreal trying to keep it, but he's not entitled to, so he could get back. As high as they've been all day. He was pretty high to get the touch, to have lifted the spirits of the majority in the stadium. CHEERING APPLAUSE CHEERING Fernandinho, Gabriel, big agricultural, he asked away, really. CHEERING He's there again. CHEERING CHEERING Mustafi, Drovac trying to give chase. Stones can only knock it down, but Fernandinho on guard. CHEERING APPLAUSE Great. GERMANY Level on attempts. GERMANY Level on goals. GERMANY Level with shots on target. GERMANY Not an even game. GERMANY APPLAUSE GERMANY 4-2 fly in with a catch, 2 in round Total Goal, 2-0 German games on line-up, their route. It's over, Sou dialogue's lost. One's left to вместе and certainly Dana труbaWhat a comeback. Danny Welbeck tragic now, and who'll kick it away and what will he Поэтому Show that point with the girl being forced wide he's got help from Jesus Navas if he chooses to use it, which he doesn't But silver does No pressure on the Hazers Navas here Could have been costly and no one had gone to the near post for Pep Guardiola's boys Might have had a tap in had they done so it was difficult game for a coach to read He would be happy with aspects without the team of playing going forward Just be so disappointed With the other side of the game Manchester City trying to get in front for a third time Ospina I would have done for Fernandinho The flag is up Any skirmishing from the crossing the goalkeepers hurt It's a good save He says it perfectly for himself and and you know, it's a well, thank you. It's a good save from the goalkeeper Just gets a little bit of a whack I thought to mend it elbow just contact the side of his head Better check still recovering from a calf injury last last game Pulling Lewin and make sure they don't need to use another goalkeeper. Emi Martinez Is the substitute today? And he played in the AFL Cup this season playing the Premier League since December 2014 He's got Terrorism Fowler Chun-Fu and the Career And the Episode before and in December 2014 downward spensity to the body Already booked, of course. Foot went over the board. Well, Aguero. De Bruyne. The standard had come short. It was a winning disappointment. PEP GRADIOLA. He must be watching this game and thinking, if I can just stay fit, I can do better than this. I can bring some leadership, some control to that back four. Because it isn't good enough for City. And they talked about a few ifs, didn't they? And that's a pretty big if. Certainly for Pep Guardiola, who seems relaxed. He's got a good run. He's expecting to take that risk. I think he may have to, because... If he can get ten games out of the company... Brilliant by Sanchez, by the way. And by Borizel. Albert trying to get there. Aguero cleared it well. Mustafi... Goes on the blacklist for... Andre Mariner. Sane was past him. Similar to the Fernandinho one earlier. He knew what he was doing. Oh, yeah. Ten year-old-card tariff... actually... elapses on the second Sunday in April. So next weekend, of course. Here's Toure. De Bruyne. And Navas. Poking it in and... Straight to Granit Xhaka. And Harvett's gone to the right. There he is. And that... And that, to speed an outstrike, Clijou found enough. He should be well. Not sure what Otamendi was doing over the far side, charging out to try and block the pass down the line, but he was never going to block. It's a strange game, isn't it? It's so... And... One now sent tumbling by John Stones, who points accusingly. Andre Mariner, who is a pretty laid-back kind of referee. He says, you know, have the free kick and play on. Into the last third of it, in a very intriguing position. Twice Manchester City have led, twice Arsenal have equalised. Oh, really. Fisting ball by Mustafi. But Welbeck has annoyed himself that he couldn't quite write in. I couldn't believe it, I would imagine, when he looked up and saw Welbeck completely free, John Stones nowhere near him. I just wonder whether Pep Guardiola could think about putting Stones at right-back and coming into centre-defence to try and just keep a clean sheet for the last half an hour of this game. I get the feeling that you get a chance going forward. Oh! The draw for City would keep the seven-point gap over Arsenal, so there would be some merit in that for Arsenal. It really is a game that they should be striving their utmost to win. Otherwise this amazing run of top four, it's amazing if you believe in the value of a top-four finish. The 20 consecutive seasons will come to an end. There's David Silva. And Yaya Toure. Yes! Now Fernandinho. De Bruyne, no pressure on the ball. Yes, a hit, a hit. De Bruyne conceded by Gabriel. He's one of the best De Bruyne when he gets a chance just to roll that ball out of his feet and deliver. What about that pass for the first goal? Fantastic, when you see it back at half-time from that angle behind the goal, it was special. Don't think we did it justice, it was just superb. Go on, go on! Otamendi not picked up, but it's only a survey that's been wasted by Kevin De Bruyne. And David Silva went in strongly to win it back, and Francis Navas was likewise with an interception. And Arsenal can push it out. It's a mixture of the brilliant and the brittle. Yeah. Strange game. Gabriel, good climb. It's a game without pattern. I'm not sure what's going to happen next. Sprinkled with stardust in terms of individual players, to find something very big out of seemingly something quite little. And here's David Silva, certainly comes into that category. And here's Sané. Still Sané, still Sané. And we just couldn't find a pathway for a pull-back. Oh, they've got another corner. Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Timo, certainly adding to the aerial threat. Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! kasperov. Vatsalun,gesanado. Flank, perfect rollover. Not enough ped lunge. Anthony Kaking' also, needed to use the distance against Luis Le強ro to keep from;; Can you ball up and down explore. If you tried again. I think. Ettahian was, I think. It is possible. That was typical of the match, really. He's not exactly been lively since he came on, I have to say. He's got to sharpen up. Olivier Giroud has been cast more this season in the role of scoring substitute. He has scored in... ..more of his last five appearances against Manchester City. Straight swaps for Welbeck, do you think? Maybe. Maybe. Maybe Welbeck out wide and... Actually, he could move Welbeck out wide, he could. And we're hearing it's there, Walcott is coming off. Maybe. Maybe that little error on the edge of the penalty area just now made up the manager's mind. Aguero able to come and get it. Sané. No-one really going in with a voracious appetite to just get a tap-in. Here comes Giroud. Arsenal substitution, Theo Walcott. He's taken his tally of goals for the season in all competitions. To 18. Not enough to get him the 90 minutes. Just with a little battle with Leeship. Scuffs it into the corner, gets his goal. Not too pleased with the decision, I don't think. Particularly wished to show that he should be in the next thing on the squad as well. He's got the pitch quicker, driving it crazy. That's walking off, trudging. Can't play. He's got the ball, he's got the ball. Certainly not what the team needs or the stadium needs at this moment in time. He's a player. Walking off sulking. Sanchez. Here's Giroud. Test to Otamendi and stands even more if Arsenal get crosses in towards... ...Giroud. The substitute. He's played by De Bruyne. Probably brings the company questioning even more into play. An ideal for Giroud really in terms of the physical side of things. This was more often used Alex Kolarov as a centre-back and he was on the bench as well. It's partly of course because the company hasn't been available. Well, the rumour is that he has been available for the last three or four weeks, company. Yeah. He's just not been used. He's been out for some time so I suppose it is the right thing to make sure that he is perfect when he comes back to give him a chance. Otamendi. Certainly suit Chelsea if it stayed level. Surely City have got to be thinking, win this game. They have to try and put Chelsea under a bit of pressure. Aguero. Taken on by Toure. There's a slip pass there for Sane. He must have had numbers around but it didn't really wrap very quickly. Eventually a bearing and he won it. Forward. Out of the way here. Mustafi. He spurns him. And plays the ball. Doesn't reach Kroppelaar. The first of the efforts of David Silva. He's got the ball. Quality is so up and down. It's not really the urgency that you'd expect. Such a big game for both teams. Aguero. Klesi. Fernandinho. Still more than 20 minutes to go. David Silva. Also went offside and get offside. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. Danny UOnly. 24. Four of those eight backscored by Olivier Giroud. Going into the weekend they were the best figures in the Premier League. Giroud gets it down. Speculative from... Coquelin testing out Jesus Navas who stays in there at right back Monreal Sanchez Monreal get there they got there but the flag made the cross irrelevant hard to spot as I understand it they're not allowed to wear protective caps or shields just a picture of the ball played and onside show the ruling on that should do difficult thing to see though from the side of the pitch where's that danger free just to run in there again he tries to win every game this will be no exception there is a risk of losing it that's for sure Fernandinho Sane I appreciate he was in that last title winning squad for Arsenal 0-3-0-4 subsequently a Premier League winner of course with City as well Stones real angle for the pass to Jesus Navas Sanchez back for Giroud almost waved the right foot at it and made some contact and there's Monreal on the side Sanchez Coquelin no foul and Coquelin out of position Bayern just trying to buy Arsenal a bit of time here Aguero now Otamendi time's... okay he's dropped to walking pace City trying to quicken it up here good Leroy Sané good Leroy Sané good Leroy Sané De Bruyne De Bruyne again silver's run offside now Toure with a keep ball here from Manchester City and look at Klichy and look at Klichy now Stones Aguero wanting it into feet and getting it ambitious pass from Fernandinho almost came off put in by Monreal goes down well by Aguero done the South American back journey only player on the pitch to have gone through that grueling schedule as well as a couple of World Cup qualifiers in between the two journeys and that's the end of the two journeys City done well in the last ten minutes on the ball Llichy Arsenal can get up the pitch as a unit and hold into Toure by Caviere and the strength of the Ivorian and Coquelin working overtime to try and get Arsenal back in possession and the the positioning and the defensive nature by Alexis Sanchez and the defensive nature by Alexis Sanchez Alex Iwobi looking ready for Arsenal for Arsenal for Arsenal for Arsenal and Buchold pointing out the responsibilities at the set plays and the responsibilities at the set plays and the attacking and defending and the attacking and defending it's 15 minutes to go it's 15 minutes to go with normal time I think we'll see a bit of intent on one of these sides at the moment they just played in the game it's quite a relaxed feeling about it I don't need to step it up I don't need to step it up there's the fans basking in the Sancham particularly on the far side there's the fans basking in the Sancham particularly on the far side Pino腳 was this rather than Pino unconsciously trying not to trying not to Tore Tore Tore ик Shrench nearer to Chelsea ahead of that game they've got with them on Wednesday. It is Welbeck's time. Another 75 minutes of fuel in the tank. He could be a big player for them in the last 10 games. Alex Iwobi has benefited of course from Welbeck's lengthy absences. Welbeck has gone in slightly better humour than Diogo Walker. But it's here for the winning for both Arsenal and Manchester City. I'd like to see the players believe that. And the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. So we've got the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. So we've got the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. Awesome quiet in this stadium at the moment. Otamendi. Fertile forward dealt with by Revan. A lot of goals scored by these two in the last quarter of the Nowre Premier League matches. Second and third best. corner City trying to include their staff out of the state and maybe win the match here's the short corner top team in case you're wondering there goes Everton it's going to reach Aguero here now not quite Sanchez wins it back Sanchez didn't give it up there goes Giroud goes Baring bit more intensity here you and I have talked about it before Gary because you've experienced it but it's a game after an international break does that have its own peculiarities I don't know maybe but it's just the urgency it's the body language really it's the intent I was thinking about some sort of collective fatigue yeah I mean if you saw players if you like you know struggling to get back but actually sprinting every so often but there doesn't seem to be that much urgency in the game at the moment they really seem to be doing enough to really press forward and it's as if they're conceding the goal because by both sides it's making them a little bit cautious yeah here's Fernandinho and it's Silva he never used the word cautious about his football it's creative this name applies to Kevin de Bruyne the matching of Jesus Navas that's Ozil given with a a gilt-edged shot here but not quite the conviction no I mean that's so poor he has a look at Caballero I think if my gut instinct is correct he has a little look at the goalkeeper and sort of half thinks oh I'm not quite sure about that one it's been a way to Azerbaijan with the Germany Ozil De Bruyne De Bruyne recovering by the same number 21 international over the last couple of weeks Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Monreal Monreal Cesc feel there's going to be a sting in the tail Monreal Monreal of Valencia theouts Ar characterization in a resigned Chiefs зр the can die put and the game and there's options if you can switch it I knew that it was of course on a potential second yellow card it was a foul he needed to make off and he was cuter with this one in terms of not making it as obvious but he had to give that free kick away City had three players rushing through the middle free and he knows it De Bruyne it was more cynical than it appeared nobody should be doing that I'm just amazed the lawmakers do not make that a mandatory gesture of dissent if you like so offside offside offside offside offside offside reminder of you next weekend Sunday against Manchester United from 12.30 on Sky Sports 1 Everton against a rejuvenated Leicester it's a play like that defending champions another fine win for them yesterday here's Monreal what's there going to be a fifth goal here's Monreal to the right of the field what a kick given eight minutes for stoppage time left and the sunshine in north London what a kick given eight minutes for stoppage time left and the sunshine in north London what a kick given what a kick given what a kick given at undertake as we only have 10 minutes left he will be a really fibre much like much much he's much much he's music Yes! Mustafi. Here's Monreal. Sanchez. Mustafi. And Giroud. It looked too big a gap to be true, really. And he was offside. Just allowed him to sort of hover in an offside position. That's how we all feel, mate. I was a little reluctant to let you come in. I meant on a member of the crowd, but you have previous in that respect. You handled it very well. Here's Fernandinho. Aguero. David Silva. Now De Bruyne. Manx the City sweeping forward here. Mivas Navas. Surprise selection. Still out there. De Bruyne. A bit of bend on it. And making it awkward for him. He's got a bit of a break for Gabriel, but he did enough. It's another City corner. He did well, Gabriel. He did really well. He knows when De Bruyne gets it. Can't get that pass from Liverpool against Liverpool in the week from De Bruyne. Gets into a really good position. Short corner, trying to catch Arsenal out. David Silva. Might have crept through the ground of penalty area. But it took a less crowded path. Always going wide. He's got a bit of a break on the side of the post. Yeah, opened up for him. He just dropped it. David Silva. And it's 1 for 50 goals for Manchester City. It would be a timely one. Scored in both of Spain's games and the international break. Aguero. Henri out. Losing out to Fernandinho. Here is David Silva. Sané bursting through. Fernandinho's there. Might get another bite at it. He's got it. He's got a bite at it. Aguero. De Bruyne. He's up and... It's controlled well by Mustafi. Sané's winning the header but no support. Stones. Who's going to risk losing the game to try and win it? Maybe Gareth Klitsch here was responsible really. A big part for Arsenal's first equaliser. And his old club. And they're not happy. Taking a quick free kick. Mustafa Tפר archers. A free-kick. And Gillian莎s is sawed. Five against four. In the end it's a very childish. Shahab is shot on the shoulder ball. cupboard, defijah a pal here. itudes at the grand final. Looking to paper their celebration in Falls. who was the quarterback. artificially with the desk. But it appears these guys are being blazed by their opponents. Dunno whether the memorabilia believe. Naw some سے they did it. an approach to play what are you looking for those girls. Point gone. Ewobe. All back to City. Sanchez, well by Hayes' navels. Picked up by David Silva. A concern around the Emirates Stadium. More so now. Sanchez has helped him out. He slipped at the crucial moment. Certainly doesn't deserve to make a mistake and might cost his team the game. The effort that he's put in. Kekla gets the drop on Fernandinho. The pass on here to Alex Ewobe. And it's a Merse. Bayerling. Ewobe, he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. So much will around the stadium for that to fly into the top corner. Yeah, there was. He just stood the ball still, Ewobe, which meant that he got underneath his feet. They played it well, Ozil. Slided down the line to Bellerin and they have a little bit of an overload. Just doesn't really get it out of his feet enough to be able to fire it into that far corner where it needed to go. It's been a long time. Yeah. It's been a long time. And this is where it's at. It's at that point where you have to go. And then the ball goes right back. Here comes your right back. For David Silva, it is Pablo Zabaleta. Maybe one of those in the last few weeks as a Manchester City player. Been a wonderful servant. I can't say that lightly. A real back-lut and a fine player. And he's gone to right back with Jesus Navas in front of him. And then the ball goes back to the left-hander. Stones put a foul to play by Andre Marriner of course here's Aguero and here's Jesus Navas now as the right winger a crushing blow to us in Bangor City score here and Aguero has a thrash at it, takes the deflection danger hasn't passed, it's a corner it wasn't anything to go for Aguero this is Timo Körner he's still defending the second ball well but he knocked it out a lot of weary players out there now for both managers Zabaleta and now Jesus Navas hasn't scored for a long long time, well over three years and that would have been finished coming on for a hundred Premier League games since he last scored and he struggles on his left side now that's comfortable with him to bend into that far corner the board about to go up Mustafi about to go up and he'll go up further, it's a free kick he's already headed the goal has made it 2-2 three added minutes three and away plus the rigging after almost an hour of inconsiderate between fenella Maradona will he be able to stay stable we're door set over here I'm just going to give it a go let's have a look through is over the finish if doctors must bring ра Allies there's not a very good level this time black left top Swing in by Urza, moved out by Fernandinho. Sarri able to get it down. And get fouled by Gabriel. He's concerned here because his team looked a bit open. I think he's going to see some value in the point, if that's what it's to be, Gary. I'd feel disappointed if either team felt satisfied with the point. City really should have been heading for Chelsea, thinking about putting pressure on them and Arsenal. It doesn't really do enough for them. It could be a third defeat in a row for Arsenal. It's only happened three times in Arsenal-Benghazi's 20 years. It could still happen here. It will be. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. He wants to clip it out. Reclined by Fernandinho. De Bruyne. Sarne. Aguero. César Navas. André Mane shakes his head. Controversial end here. What a man! Sabaleta. And he did it with a long-time ball. To prevent the corner. He's not happy. I don't know how to see it again, but my gut feeling was that Monreal handled the ball in the area. Sanchez. Still struggling to get it out for Arsenal. No-one to aim for, really. Who he did locate. And his court by Stones. There goes for the börjar and thenDe Bruyne. And back down both spaces. 18 points, so far. T pads and three. That's quite a lot of気r. Here comes a cutaway. Bravo from Sonics, the 확인ates. And still a few seconds left. You can see it just loosens better in a little bit. Oh, dear. He's clumsy. That's it. Played, and that indeed is