former Arsenal trialists can you believe, getting on for 14 years ago one that got away and just thinking Gary about Laurent Koscielny, those two games against Bayern Arsenal fell apart when he came off injured in the away game and then when he was sent off in the home game they haven't done well without a player that can only assume he's injured yeah he wouldn't be substituting otherwise and I have to say has got a feeling this game if City really want it and perform and don't let Arsenal off the hook it could be a poor day Skampa hasn't quite read the greens yet something he didn't see that probably just as well well the change for City is not is one that we thought may happen but Navas I think he stayed it right back Fernandino's behind him at the moment Navas is right back and de Bruyne is on the right side of midfield and yeah Torre and Fernandino in the middle Silva number 10 off Aguero Arsenal have to come again if they can there's Otamendi Mario Torre didn't cover himself in glory in the game against Liverpool just before the international break and now Fernandinho with a cynical clip he's smiling he knew what he was doing cynical stopping the counter-attack a smiling assassin take one for the team in case the Sanchez got away and then a few of these in the first half Arsenal I just wonder whether Ozil rather than trying to whip it in just drops it floats it towards the penalty spot and allows Arsenal's players time to be able to run it because that gap is so big they pushed up so high City's back line bring in Ozil towards the next goal notice Lots-a-altra it was better better pace on the ball maybe a little bit straighter would have been better I'm just thinking about far by Fernandinho how they had a player here you'll remember gilberto who used to do it also from Brazil used to do the same sort of job and wasn't averse to an attack could be dangerous much more back from Arsenal had a bit of devil in them I was gonna say in happier times for Arsenal look at the dates up and around the stadium here 2004 the last title the unbeaten Invincibles Chaka they're not beaten here yet the Gunners but they trail 2-1 I see more from them in the second half the Arsenal central midfield players they've got to be better Chaka indefatigable Sanchez holds off Aguero good South American confrontation there De Bruyne to try and find he's found him just a little bit behind Sergio Aguero and a run back by Jesus Navas from Mustafi and a turnover to put De Bruyne in behind and he drills with a crushing memory made the equaliser for Aguero against Liverpool from the right hand side with a beautiful driven ball low into the near post area and it comes Caballero and it comes Caballero Clichy Clichy Clichy Jai Toure Jai Toure and Fernandinho hunting down by Coquelin hunting down by Coquelin hunting down by Coquelin and then and then struggling with a sore Achilles tendon struggling with a sore Achilles tendon and then sang alive sang alive sung alive sang alive more Abdul Bakary more Abdul Bakary to win three outiej Come on coming away games for City for Breuner for Stones for Breuner recognising you can go back to go forward for the protest groups for the Arsenal fans there backing the team and without the manager at the moment that they need all the help they can give them strangely they're only one point worse off than at this stage last season and they lost their 28th game as well which this is this time around it was here too against Swansea they still went on a 10 game unbeaten run to finish off the campaign in second place withpical take a closer look at this enable overhang overhang PD He didn't say he gets too much on it. Good climb by Otamendi. And Dino's got to be careful, he's had to bundle red cards already this season. And here's Walcott. Just a square-it for Berin. Sane. Good challenge by Xhaka. Sanchez, Monreal not tracked. Unable to whip it in. And a good, solid Otamendi-type header to get it away, and that's what it got. We've seen two good crosses from full-backs. City not improving in stopping Monreal getting forward, and Otamendi's needed at that near post. Underdose! Underdose! Mustafi going towards it. He got it. And Arsenal have levelled again. Yes! City static, they're still organising it, I'm not sure whether they were organised quickly enough. And he's already in the air. And as good as Otamendi is, it is spring. Once Mustafi gets up, he's no chance, and it's just whether he can guide it. We saw Aguero at the other end get too much on it, but he's perfect from Mustafi. And Caballero, no chance, Arsenal 2-2. With a really good header. Well, his team are back in business. And Manchester City's defensive frailties, and he's got his surface again. CHEERING I saw the goal that... ..Arsenal conceded at West Brom, and they've come up with one of their own. As good as City are going forward, you'd have to say you could see four or five additions being brought in, not just at goalkeeping and defence but also in holding midfield. They're not good enough, nowhere near as a unit or individual, and they're all over the place at right-back here. Sanchez. Sanchez, Monreal. Toure, that's a sloppy ball away, helped by Kokelaer's industry. Stones has to step in, Silva is fouled. Just eagerness to get the ball. Monreal trying to keep it, but he's not entitled to, so he could get back. As high as they've been all day. He was pretty high to get the touch, to have lifted the spirits of the majority in the stadium. CHEERING APPLAUSE CHEERING Fernandinho, Gabriel, big agricultural, he asked away, really. CHEERING He's there again. CHEERING CHEERING Mustafi, Drovac trying to give chase. Stones can only knock it down, but Fernandinho on guard. CHEERING APPLAUSE Great. GERMANY Level on attempts. GERMANY Level on goals. GERMANY Level with shots on target. GERMANY Not an even game. GERMANY APPLAUSE GERMANY 4-2 fly in with a catch, 2 in round Total Goal, 2-0 German games on line-up, their route. It's over, Sou dialogue's lost. One's left to вместе and certainly Dana труbaWhat a comeback. Danny Welbeck tragic now, and who'll kick it away and what will he Поэтому Show that point with the girl being forced wide he's got help from Jesus Navas if he chooses to use it, which he doesn't But silver does No pressure on the Hazers Navas here Could have been costly and no one had gone to the near post for Pep Guardiola's boys Might have had a tap in had they done so it was difficult game for a coach to read He would be happy with aspects without the team of playing going forward Just be so disappointed With the other side of the game Manchester City trying to get in front for a third time Ospina I would have done for Fernandinho The flag is up Any skirmishing from the crossing the goalkeepers hurt It's a good save He says it perfectly for himself and and you know, it's a well, thank you. It's a good save from the goalkeeper Just gets a little bit of a whack I thought to mend it elbow just contact the side of his head Better check still recovering from a calf injury last last game Pulling Lewin and make sure they don't need to use another goalkeeper. Emi Martinez Is the substitute today? And he played in the AFL Cup this season playing the Premier League since December 2014 He's got Terrorism Fowler Chun-Fu and the Career And the Episode before and in December 2014 downward spensity to the body Already booked, of course. Foot went over the board. Well, Aguero. De Bruyne. The standard had come short. It was a winning disappointment. PEP GRADIOLA. He must be watching this game and thinking, if I can just stay fit, I can do better than this. I can bring some leadership, some control to that back four. Because it isn't good enough for City. And they talked about a few ifs, didn't they? And that's a pretty big if. Certainly for Pep Guardiola, who seems relaxed. He's got a good run. He's expecting to take that risk. I think he may have to, because... If he can get ten games out of the company... Brilliant by Sanchez, by the way. And by Borizel. Albert trying to get there. Aguero cleared it well. Mustafi... Goes on the blacklist for... Andre Mariner. Sane was past him. Similar to the Fernandinho one earlier. He knew what he was doing. Oh, yeah. Ten year-old-card tariff... actually... elapses on the second Sunday in April. So next weekend, of course. Here's Toure. De Bruyne. And Navas. Poking it in and... Straight to Granit Xhaka. And Harvett's gone to the right. There he is. And that... And that, to speed an outstrike, Clijou found enough. He should be well. Not sure what Otamendi was doing over the far side, charging out to try and block the pass down the line, but he was never going to block. It's a strange game, isn't it? It's so... And... One now sent tumbling by John Stones, who points accusingly. Andre Mariner, who is a pretty laid-back kind of referee. He says, you know, have the free kick and play on. Into the last third of it, in a very intriguing position. Twice Manchester City have led, twice Arsenal have equalised. Oh, really. Fisting ball by Mustafi. But Welbeck has annoyed himself that he couldn't quite write in. I couldn't believe it, I would imagine, when he looked up and saw Welbeck completely free, John Stones nowhere near him. I just wonder whether Pep Guardiola could think about putting Stones at right-back and coming into centre-defence to try and just keep a clean sheet for the last half an hour of this game. I get the feeling that you get a chance going forward. Oh! The draw for City would keep the seven-point gap over Arsenal, so there would be some merit in that for Arsenal. It really is a game that they should be striving their utmost to win. Otherwise this amazing run of top four, it's amazing if you believe in the value of a top-four finish. The 20 consecutive seasons will come to an end. There's David Silva. And Yaya Toure. Yes! Now Fernandinho. De Bruyne, no pressure on the ball. Yes, a hit, a hit. De Bruyne conceded by Gabriel. He's one of the best De Bruyne when he gets a chance just to roll that ball out of his feet and deliver. What about that pass for the first goal? Fantastic, when you see it back at half-time from that angle behind the goal, it was special. Don't think we did it justice, it was just superb. Go on, go on! Otamendi not picked up, but it's only a survey that's been wasted by Kevin De Bruyne. And David Silva went in strongly to win it back, and Francis Navas was likewise with an interception. And Arsenal can push it out. It's a mixture of the brilliant and the brittle. Yeah. Strange game. Gabriel, good climb. It's a game without pattern. I'm not sure what's going to happen next. Sprinkled with stardust in terms of individual players, to find something very big out of seemingly something quite little. And here's David Silva, certainly comes into that category. And here's Sané. Still Sané, still Sané. And we just couldn't find a pathway for a pull-back. Oh, they've got another corner. Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Timo, certainly adding to the aerial threat. Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! Jürgen! kasperov. Vatsalun,gesanado. Flank, perfect rollover. Not enough ped lunge. Anthony Kaking' also, needed to use the distance against Luis Le強ro to keep from;; Can you ball up and down explore. If you tried again. I think. Ettahian was, I think. It is possible. That was typical of the match, really. He's not exactly been lively since he came on, I have to say. He's got to sharpen up. Olivier Giroud has been cast more this season in the role of scoring substitute. He has scored in... ..more of his last five appearances against Manchester City. Straight swaps for Welbeck, do you think? Maybe. Maybe. Maybe Welbeck out wide and... Actually, he could move Welbeck out wide, he could. And we're hearing it's there, Walcott is coming off. Maybe. Maybe that little error on the edge of the penalty area just now made up the manager's mind. Aguero able to come and get it. Sané. No-one really going in with a voracious appetite to just get a tap-in. Here comes Giroud. Arsenal substitution, Theo Walcott. He's taken his tally of goals for the season in all competitions. To 18. Not enough to get him the 90 minutes. Just with a little battle with Leeship. Scuffs it into the corner, gets his goal. Not too pleased with the decision, I don't think. Particularly wished to show that he should be in the next thing on the squad as well. He's got the pitch quicker, driving it crazy. That's walking off, trudging. Can't play. He's got the ball, he's got the ball. Certainly not what the team needs or the stadium needs at this moment in time. He's a player. Walking off sulking. Sanchez. Here's Giroud. Test to Otamendi and stands even more if Arsenal get crosses in towards... ...Giroud. The substitute. He's played by De Bruyne. Probably brings the company questioning even more into play. An ideal for Giroud really in terms of the physical side of things. This was more often used Alex Kolarov as a centre-back and he was on the bench as well. It's partly of course because the company hasn't been available. Well, the rumour is that he has been available for the last three or four weeks, company. Yeah. He's just not been used. He's been out for some time so I suppose it is the right thing to make sure that he is perfect when he comes back to give him a chance. Otamendi. Certainly suit Chelsea if it stayed level. Surely City have got to be thinking, win this game. They have to try and put Chelsea under a bit of pressure. Aguero. Taken on by Toure. There's a slip pass there for Sane. He must have had numbers around but it didn't really wrap very quickly. Eventually a bearing and he won it. Forward. Out of the way here. Mustafi. He spurns him. And plays the ball. Doesn't reach Kroppelaar. The first of the efforts of David Silva. He's got the ball. Quality is so up and down. It's not really the urgency that you'd expect. Such a big game for both teams. Aguero. Klesi. Fernandinho. Still more than 20 minutes to go. David Silva. Also went offside and get offside. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. Danny UOnly. 24. Four of those eight backscored by Olivier Giroud. Going into the weekend they were the best figures in the Premier League. Giroud gets it down. Speculative from... Coquelin testing out Jesus Navas who stays in there at right back Monreal Sanchez Monreal get there they got there but the flag made the cross irrelevant hard to spot as I understand it they're not allowed to wear protective caps or shields just a picture of the ball played and onside show the ruling on that should do difficult thing to see though from the side of the pitch where's that danger free just to run in there again he tries to win every game this will be no exception there is a risk of losing it that's for sure Fernandinho Sane I appreciate he was in that last title winning squad for Arsenal 0-3-0-4 subsequently a Premier League winner of course with City as well Stones real angle for the pass to Jesus Navas Sanchez back for Giroud almost waved the right foot at it and made some contact and there's Monreal on the side Sanchez Coquelin no foul and Coquelin out of position Bayern just trying to buy Arsenal a bit of time here Aguero now Otamendi time's... okay he's dropped to walking pace City trying to quicken it up here good Leroy Sané good Leroy Sané good Leroy Sané De Bruyne De Bruyne again silver's run offside now Toure with a keep ball here from Manchester City and look at Klichy and look at Klichy now Stones Aguero wanting it into feet and getting it ambitious pass from Fernandinho almost came off put in by Monreal goes down well by Aguero done the South American back journey only player on the pitch to have gone through that grueling schedule as well as a couple of World Cup qualifiers in between the two journeys and that's the end of the two journeys City done well in the last ten minutes on the ball Llichy Arsenal can get up the pitch as a unit and hold into Toure by Caviere and the strength of the Ivorian and Coquelin working overtime to try and get Arsenal back in possession and the the positioning and the defensive nature by Alexis Sanchez and the defensive nature by Alexis Sanchez Alex Iwobi looking ready for Arsenal for Arsenal for Arsenal for Arsenal and Buchold pointing out the responsibilities at the set plays and the responsibilities at the set plays and the attacking and defending and the attacking and defending it's 15 minutes to go it's 15 minutes to go with normal time I think we'll see a bit of intent on one of these sides at the moment they just played in the game it's quite a relaxed feeling about it I don't need to step it up I don't need to step it up there's the fans basking in the Sancham particularly on the far side there's the fans basking in the Sancham particularly on the far side Pino腳 was this rather than Pino unconsciously trying not to trying not to Tore Tore Tore ик Shrench nearer to Chelsea ahead of that game they've got with them on Wednesday. It is Welbeck's time. Another 75 minutes of fuel in the tank. He could be a big player for them in the last 10 games. Alex Iwobi has benefited of course from Welbeck's lengthy absences. Welbeck has gone in slightly better humour than Diogo Walker. But it's here for the winning for both Arsenal and Manchester City. I'd like to see the players believe that. And the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. So we've got the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. So we've got the fans for that matter should be urging the team forward. Awesome quiet in this stadium at the moment. Otamendi. Fertile forward dealt with by Revan. A lot of goals scored by these two in the last quarter of the Nowre Premier League matches. Second and third best. corner City trying to include their staff out of the state and maybe win the match here's the short corner top team in case you're wondering there goes Everton it's going to reach Aguero here now not quite Sanchez wins it back Sanchez didn't give it up there goes Giroud goes Baring bit more intensity here you and I have talked about it before Gary because you've experienced it but it's a game after an international break does that have its own peculiarities I don't know maybe but it's just the urgency it's the body language really it's the intent I was thinking about some sort of collective fatigue yeah I mean if you saw players if you like you know struggling to get back but actually sprinting every so often but there doesn't seem to be that much urgency in the game at the moment they really seem to be doing enough to really press forward and it's as if they're conceding the goal because by both sides it's making them a little bit cautious yeah here's Fernandinho and it's Silva he never used the word cautious about his football it's creative this name applies to Kevin de Bruyne the matching of Jesus Navas that's Ozil given with a a gilt-edged shot here but not quite the conviction no I mean that's so poor he has a look at Caballero I think if my gut instinct is correct he has a little look at the goalkeeper and sort of half thinks oh I'm not quite sure about that one it's been a way to Azerbaijan with the Germany Ozil De Bruyne De Bruyne recovering by the same number 21 international over the last couple of weeks Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Hector Berin Monreal Monreal Cesc feel there's going to be a sting in the tail Monreal Monreal of Valencia theouts Ar characterization in a resigned Chiefs зр the can die put and the game and there's options if you can switch it I knew that it was of course on a potential second yellow card it was a foul he needed to make off and he was cuter with this one in terms of not making it as obvious but he had to give that free kick away City had three players rushing through the middle free and he knows it De Bruyne it was more cynical than it appeared nobody should be doing that I'm just amazed the lawmakers do not make that a mandatory gesture of dissent if you like so offside offside offside offside offside offside reminder of you next weekend Sunday against Manchester United from 12.30 on Sky Sports 1 Everton against a rejuvenated Leicester it's a play like that defending champions another fine win for them yesterday here's Monreal what's there going to be a fifth goal here's Monreal to the right of the field what a kick given eight minutes for stoppage time left and the sunshine in north London what a kick given eight minutes for stoppage time left and the sunshine in north London what a kick given what a kick given what a kick given at undertake as we only have 10 minutes left he will be a really fibre much like much much he's much much he's music Yes! Mustafi. Here's Monreal. Sanchez. Mustafi. And Giroud. It looked too big a gap to be true, really. And he was offside. Just allowed him to sort of hover in an offside position. That's how we all feel, mate. I was a little reluctant to let you come in. I meant on a member of the crowd, but you have previous in that respect. You handled it very well. Here's Fernandinho. Aguero. David Silva. Now De Bruyne. Manx the City sweeping forward here. Mivas Navas. Surprise selection. Still out there. De Bruyne. A bit of bend on it. And making it awkward for him. He's got a bit of a break for Gabriel, but he did enough. It's another City corner. He did well, Gabriel. He did really well. He knows when De Bruyne gets it. Can't get that pass from Liverpool against Liverpool in the week from De Bruyne. Gets into a really good position. Short corner, trying to catch Arsenal out. David Silva. Might have crept through the ground of penalty area. But it took a less crowded path. Always going wide. He's got a bit of a break on the side of the post. Yeah, opened up for him. He just dropped it. David Silva. And it's 1 for 50 goals for Manchester City. It would be a timely one. Scored in both of Spain's games and the international break. Aguero. Henri out. Losing out to Fernandinho. Here is David Silva. Sané bursting through. Fernandinho's there. Might get another bite at it. He's got it. He's got a bite at it. Aguero. De Bruyne. He's up and... It's controlled well by Mustafi. Sané's winning the header but no support. Stones. Who's going to risk losing the game to try and win it? Maybe Gareth Klitsch here was responsible really. A big part for Arsenal's first equaliser. And his old club. And they're not happy. Taking a quick free kick. Mustafa Tפר archers. A free-kick. And Gillian莎s is sawed. Five against four. In the end it's a very childish. Shahab is shot on the shoulder ball. cupboard, defijah a pal here. itudes at the grand final. Looking to paper their celebration in Falls. who was the quarterback. artificially with the desk. But it appears these guys are being blazed by their opponents. Dunno whether the memorabilia believe. Naw some سے they did it. an approach to play what are you looking for those girls. Point gone. Ewobe. All back to City. Sanchez, well by Hayes' navels. Picked up by David Silva. A concern around the Emirates Stadium. More so now. Sanchez has helped him out. He slipped at the crucial moment. Certainly doesn't deserve to make a mistake and might cost his team the game. The effort that he's put in. Kekla gets the drop on Fernandinho. The pass on here to Alex Ewobe. And it's a Merse. Bayerling. Ewobe, he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. So much will around the stadium for that to fly into the top corner. Yeah, there was. He just stood the ball still, Ewobe, which meant that he got underneath his feet. They played it well, Ozil. Slided down the line to Bellerin and they have a little bit of an overload. Just doesn't really get it out of his feet enough to be able to fire it into that far corner where it needed to go. It's been a long time. Yeah. It's been a long time. And this is where it's at. It's at that point where you have to go. And then the ball goes right back. Here comes your right back. For David Silva, it is Pablo Zabaleta. Maybe one of those in the last few weeks as a Manchester City player. Been a wonderful servant. I can't say that lightly. A real back-lut and a fine player. And he's gone to right back with Jesus Navas in front of him. And then the ball goes back to the left-hander. Stones put a foul to play by Andre Marriner of course here's Aguero and here's Jesus Navas now as the right winger a crushing blow to us in Bangor City score here and Aguero has a thrash at it, takes the deflection danger hasn't passed, it's a corner it wasn't anything to go for Aguero this is Timo Körner he's still defending the second ball well but he knocked it out a lot of weary players out there now for both managers Zabaleta and now Jesus Navas hasn't scored for a long long time, well over three years and that would have been finished coming on for a hundred Premier League games since he last scored and he struggles on his left side now that's comfortable with him to bend into that far corner the board about to go up Mustafi about to go up and he'll go up further, it's a free kick he's already headed the goal has made it 2-2 three added minutes three and away plus the rigging after almost an hour of inconsiderate between fenella Maradona will he be able to stay stable we're door set over here I'm just going to give it a go let's have a look through is over the finish if doctors must bring ра Allies there's not a very good level this time black left top Swing in by Urza, moved out by Fernandinho. Sarri able to get it down. And get fouled by Gabriel. He's concerned here because his team looked a bit open. I think he's going to see some value in the point, if that's what it's to be, Gary. I'd feel disappointed if either team felt satisfied with the point. City really should have been heading for Chelsea, thinking about putting pressure on them and Arsenal. It doesn't really do enough for them. It could be a third defeat in a row for Arsenal. It's only happened three times in Arsenal-Benghazi's 20 years. It could still happen here. It will be. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. He wants to clip it out. Reclined by Fernandinho. De Bruyne. Sarne. Aguero. César Navas. André Mane shakes his head. Controversial end here. What a man! Sabaleta. And he did it with a long-time ball. To prevent the corner. He's not happy. I don't know how to see it again, but my gut feeling was that Monreal handled the ball in the area. Sanchez. Still struggling to get it out for Arsenal. No-one to aim for, really. Who he did locate. And his court by Stones. There goes for the börjar and thenDe Bruyne. And back down both spaces. 18 points, so far. T pads and three. That's quite a lot of気r. Here comes a cutaway. Bravo from Sonics, the 확인ates. And still a few seconds left. You can see it just loosens better in a little bit. Oh, dear. He's clumsy. That's it. Played, and that indeed is and Chelsea who seem to have slammed the door on their title rivals they've left it slightly ajar yesterday after that home defeat to Crystal Palace and preparing for this game with a lot of Arsene Wenger thoughts suddenly you've got to start thinking about Manchester City and the potential of actually winning the league again there's a lot of Fs in the next three or four days particularly sorry Pep Guardiola's interview before the game I think he's shirt that question over the last few weeks said they're out of the race it's Chelsea's but there's just a little bit of a blink I think if there was a win today beat Chelsea would be a nervy time for Chelsea who've been brilliant all season City would grow in confidence I know it's sounding a hate hot turn the game around between these two in December a pivotal time for Arsenal really double defeat in the Northwest midweek at Everton at Manchester City both in games in which they led and then lost got a free kick here, Ronce Marin at the referee sorry Gary Navas' first involvement in the game is to give a foul away tucking in narrow trying to cover ption When the top side is losing, Mourinho, who was the declarer to future Man Utd lost four of their last five league games, six of their last nine games in all competitions David Cabejero will be able to come out here Javi Guardiola, left side City's last game was that to draw him home to Liverpool and Guardiola at the post. you can be happy with that absolutely loved the nature of it said it was one of the great coaching days of his life I feel if they win by Sterling thinking about a shot and thinking better of it it's far too easy for Manchester City there to play through from Fernandinho into David Silva that's not enough to do better than that Chaka and Gokulam in particular as the former Arsenal man Gareth Clichy and the fight goes up against Aguero Ospina does well to keep it out anyway that's where he's at his best Sergio Aguero living on that last line in between both centre-backs just probably goes a little bit too early we've not got control of him he could have held his run he normally does well it shouldn't be dull Arsenal scored 96 goals in all competitions this season City 95 here's Fernandinho trying to slip Sterling and it rebounds off Raheem Sterling but he would have known from his angle it wasn't going in we couldn't be quite so sure up here it's a long way wide in the end with the ricochet spoken a bit to the match about those diagonal runs in between full-back and centre-back of both Sané and Sterling Chaka slips and then the through it's a devastating short counter Chaka does really well the goalkeeper he's out quickly great starting position against Alexis Sanchez then but went to Arsenal way and now Sanchez is way looking for Welbeck another deflection and this time a more dangerous one to the opposing goalkeeper off Welbeck and some of the fans around the ground thought that was in just got to deal with the long ball Welbeck does really well with that to mend it tackles harasses him doesn't allow him to clear it and then puts a blocked tackle in on Klichy not sure that he's the strongest he's throwing it Sané chasing he's got the better of Bellerin Sané round the goalkeeper and Guinness World Record Manchester City a lead inside five minutes simple for City really and Arsene Wenger will be absolutely furious and it won't help the mood in the stadium that's for sure it's devastation he's brilliant him he's gonna be one hell of a player you would hate to be against him Mustafi gets drawn out of his position and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone and then that pass is gone I'm not sure if he absolutely means if he does it's unbelievable from De Bruyne but Sané's run through Sterling had given Monreal a warning over the other side Bellerin's now got it you cannot allow this type of player inside you does he keep his composure absolutely it's brilliant taking it round the goalkeeper who's rushing out to him he's under pressure from the full-back wonderful from Sané and what a start for City Arsenal flailing Sané finishing powerful coming from seal situation I dickor you can't believe channels fault right inside the first five minutes the wide Hector Berrida is so quick going forward, he's been exposed a few times in recent weeks going back the other way. He didn't have the pace to deal with a really rapid opponent, it must be said. As soon as Mustafi goes out, he's got to get inside Sané, he cannot stand outside him. Because he is quick, Bellerin, but he isn't gonna catch Sané once he's the wrong side of him, and it's brilliant, it's absolutely brilliant. It's everything you want from a wide player, holding the positions wide but then being devastating, going through the middle and acting like a forward. A pleased manager, but one who realises there's still 85 minutes to go. First blood here to Manchester City. In a manner typical of the contest, we expect to see... Arsenal better book up quick, or else it'll be moody around here. Yes! Xhaka. Looking for Alexis Sanchez, the bend on the pass, Sanchez played his part too. Real galking up from left-back, still Sanchez. How is it? Sané into his fellow countrymen very quickly. And here come the City slickers again. It skips away from Raheem Sterling. And it's a good sign for the Whatever the rights and wrongs of Arsene Wenger's future on that debate, there's no doubt here there's a hugely uncertain mood around, not just the fans, the behind the scenes as well. Yeah. No uncertainty from Andre Mariner, though. The encouragement that Arsenal might need in this game is over there with Navas, who's now on a booking after a shocking tackle there. That's a poor one from Navas, really is. He's not a defender. He's just proving it there, looks a little bit like a coward's challenge, and now he is in a bit of trouble. Fede Alexis Sanchez, get him the ball. Interesting. Yeah. He's got a bit of a problem. He's got a bit of a problem. He's got a bit of a problem. I mean, Fernandinho started that right back, didn't he, against Liverpool in City's last game, but they changed it at half time. And those have started to go, and I don't know if he kept on going or he would have got it, but it's that kind of languid movement that makes his critics sit up and at least mentally pant, rather anti-comment. The rumours are that he's holding out on a tune in the second half, and he's got a £270,000-a-week contract. I think if that was him, I'd sign it. Because at the moment, his favour seems to be running out around the ground as well. I think the people are working him out. There's no doubt of the talent, but there are far more talented players who work hard and don't have the body language of him. Aguero. Reaches Sterling, and perhaps it shouldn't have done. Back to Fernandinho. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. Reaches. David Silva, De Bruyne to hit it first time, and hit the post. Silva. And Ospina keeps it out, still with David Silva. Manchester City trying to put this game to bed very early on. And they're getting encouragement from Arsenal's... poorest defence. They go on the ball, they're anxious, Arsenal close. And the anxiety is all around the stadium, not just on the pitch. And the home goal could change all that. And out by Stones. Sterling. Brought by the eagerness of Alexis Sanchez. And by Manuel. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. And out, Ozil. Milotic... Instantly aware of the position of Aguero. And he's got Bellerin from that first-game centre, and he looks like he's got him again in his first 10 minutes. The full-backs going to have to do something. Changed his approach, brings somebody back alongside him, asked Mustapha to come across, to walk up to come back. Leroy Sané also with Germany again. Where he first did caps, since the European finals in France last summer, when the Brits were against England, and a 1-0 win in Dortmund. I think they make the full-backs nervous, Sterling and Samir, because they hold the position so wide, they're always on the shoulder on the last line of defence. Which means they're not quite sure of where they are. And the space is then developing between centre-back and full-back. APPLAUSE Stones. And they knew it would help Brazil qualify for the World Cup finals in Russia next year. Well done. And Ozil hoping to get behind Manchester City with the help of Sanchez. Nice, they've got numbers in the middle. Goal! Goal! And the flag is up for offside, and there's numbers. The offside was before any penalty claims. Manchester City have started this game well, but there's a big flashing red light. Jesus, Navas there at full-back. He's struggling, there's no doubt. He's not in control, these are the chances. De Bruyne at the edge of the box. Great technique. And he comes back to Silva, who looks offside, wasn't given. And Spina... Does well at the near post. Headed forward by Mustafi. What a man, Nick. No doubt that he'll play like Danny Robert. Arsenal have got someone for him. Who could possibly unnerve the Stones-Otomendi combination. This comes Koscielny. Sanchez. He's starting to pick up the tempo, but already a goal down. Failed in. Had a close-up view of that goal. And to be a catalyst for change. And the course of the match. That's the phrase you're gonna hear a little bit about, it's come from Ivan Gazidis. He's accepted here. The one reservation that I have about that Gazidis comment is that I'm not quite sure he would have said something so strong in a fans' forum. Might be change to support Arsene Wenger's management. Yeah, and I'd like to know the context of the word catalyst and how it was delivered, if you like. I mean, they've been so tight here, the board, in terms of how they've approached the Arsene Wenger situation, I can't believe they were so lax to let a bombshell off in a fans' meeting. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Apologies from Coppola. Might be about to escape a yellow card. I certainly want some word. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Mm. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Oh, that was shown. Yeah, not surprising. Aldo Marin has refereed this fixture three times before and Arsene have won all three. Sterling. And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our And he's got our We'll see about that. And there's De Bruyne. They're trying to make up for that. It might have been a bit late. I'm not sure the referee saw it straight away, but it's been alerted to it. Maybe by his assistant. It was a free-kick to Arsenal. I think he just allowed it to be played on to see whether Theo Walcott actually could connect to the end of the pass and then brought it back. I haven't really got Walcott into the game yet. can make those runs that we've seen Sané and Sterling make in between full-back and centre-back. City really trying to push that line up, stay out of the box. Posh them in Monaco, remember? A little toilers' team. Here is Walcott, sure anxious to play on display for his club, but also to remind Gareth Southgate of his fit and firing, having been left out of the latest England squad. And then back to the back, still trying to get back into the England fold, of course, and he missed so much football. And he was quickly off his line. And that's it. And that's it for De Bruyne, but showed too much of it to Fernandinho. De Bruyne, wanting to break down the line there, but no-one was forthcoming. And I can see City favouring this left-hand side. That's how it is. Fernandinho, nicely laid off by Sterling. This is where having Jesus Navas in that right-back role certainly helps him and the team. Very much known as a winger. Yeah. But Sanchez doesn't go back with him like he didn't know. Sterling. Alexis Sanchez does make the interception, tries to get away. He was being fouled, but he didn't want to go down. A ball in. Hard-urging Chaka to play it to Walcott. In the end, he's split. Walcott and Alexis Sanchez. Alexis Sanchez, who's led Fribourne and Labour in vivir finished 18smiles with a start from the straight 1. And from that display he shut the deal. uks, Sanchez kicked off the section in the left side. Seeing photograph of Schulze. Seems he seems gave a lot of, these first six games in season, from the back relation at the end. Oh, Schalke and Hückel and Gülçit in the last 60 seconds, they're just forcing it a little bit. City have been the best team in this first 18 minutes, but there's still probably been enough for Arsenal to encourage them, particularly around City's right-hand side of the defence. And Arsenal set up to stop City playing from the back, and I think they clip it towards the half, and it's all read by Mustafi. It's now Aguero taking it on, for Guardiola's team. De Bruyne, to silver, to ease up De Bruyne, he in turn, Sterling. And David Silva. Navas. Silva. That's a lovely cross too. All the Spanish players involved, including Héctor Bellerín, who deals with the delivery from Jesus Navas. He was patient from City. He did well, Navas. Really good cross. Well, there's no Craig Dawson in the Manchester City ranks, which Arsenal will be relieved about, but to be fair to the Gunners, they only conceded once from a corner prior to the two they conceded at West Bromwich Albion, and they're lucky. Last game. Turns out to Fernandinho. It was a difficult ball to hit, but he hit it pretty well. Certainly kept it low. He did do well, Koscielny took it full on. Fernandinho got to... ...puck around Kyle just earlier. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. He's got to trust himself. They've got to trust themselves, these Arsenal players. They are a good passing team. THEY'RE A GOOD PASSING TEAM. And they pop it about. One-and-two touch. Certainly the passes from Xhaka and Kofi on that we just talked about, the long ones are not what they're good at. They work their way through the middle of the pitch. Big combinations. And they just stick to that. And Monreal. Sanchez. Might get it again. Still might get it again. And Monreal. Xhaka. Mustafi. Chances for Bayern to impose himself on the attacking sense. Mustafi. Xhaka. A little shot on him, but... ...seeming not to use it there. Into Ozil. Said he's got it. He could be in trouble here. Ozil. Ozil tried to roll the defender. It was good from Arsenal, they showed more patience, even though the fans were asking them to be a little bit more forceful. I have to say, Johnstone should have got tighter to Ozil. It's a good chance. 20 minutes have flown by here. Go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Yeah, Ritter will leave spaces with Silva and De Bruyne in there as well. They aren't the best at the back. As Silva came short there, De Bruyne was looking for... Played over the top, as Arsenal held a very high line. As Otamendi placed down by Rijkaard. Oh, he caught... in it both from the static he's not ducked the importance of today and all his match conversations with the media and he always fronts up his experience has been around a long time it must be tiring the questions continually coming at him about his future and when's it going to be announced walcott early stones very well come back again with sanchez and now then towards ursula side and the north london voices are raised we're getting down that side sanchez talk about the left for city getting the left from arsenal as well definitely it's not right down that side for city at all so right foot was nacho monreal a big impact going forward monreal he's got to do his job against sterling he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity he's got to support sanchez at every opportunity was that the appreciation over 20 years or was that the appreciation over 20 years or thank you and goodbye i'll leave it to you to i'll leave it to you to interpret it interpret it having last finished outside the top five in last finished outside the top five in 1995 this was the last time so apparently 12 points in front of activity so apparently 12 points in front of activity That doesn't help us in being in a situation that Tottenham are doing so well. Aguero. Tani losing out to the Italian partner Koscielnyk. He was rather limped away from the challenge after that. Mustafi got knocked over. Centre-half shouldn't get knocked over, Gary, should they? THEY LAUGH They've been quite aggressive in this first 25 minutes, they have tried to get tight wherever possible. On the goal that City conceded, Mustafi went in aggressively into midfield. Come on, Ken! And then she just tucked in a little bit narrower. Come on! That might have got that, that thought was better. Well played by Arrén. From Xhaka. They'll be happy, Arsenal, the game's settled down a little bit, City were by far the better team in that first ten minutes or so. Arsenal are doing a little bit better now. Xhaka. Mourinho gives it to De Bruyne, Sterling could be put in here. Sent him too wide. Plenty of support for Raheem Sterling. THEY CHANT APPLAUSE I think he was... ..foul, but... ..also got away with that, but couldn't get away with the ball subsequently. And a slipper from Raheem Sterling. The initial pass from De Bruyne wasn't the best, too, he wanted it more narrow so he could run through on goal, and pushed him wide. THEY CHANT It was a good chance for a counter-attack for City. THEY CHANT A little bit of explanation from Andre Marriner. We're going to see the fruits of your labours with the referee and you and Jamie Carrier. A programme coming up on Sky Sports. Which would be... ..I would say a must-watch. Set my Sky Plus for it. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. Now Mustafi. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're in. They must have scored early. And Arsenal walking their way back into the contest. THEY CHANT They've got the better Fernandinho. THEY CHANT And he goes, and Andre Marriner having not penalised Wilcox, isn't going to rule in his favour either. But when Mustafi was on the ball, Arsenal's central midfield players, Shakur and Coquelin, have got to show that it's been the basis of Arsenal's game for 20 years under Arsene Wenger, that the two central midfield players build the attacks, that the back four can always find them, they've got to get on the ball, those two. THEY CHANT They've got to be available. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Toure, the player left out. They've got to switch Fernandinho into midfield, he didn't do very well against Liverpool. Obviously he hasn't caught the eye of Pep Guardiola in the training, not away on international duty these days. THEY CHANT He's amongst the substitutes, a distinguished list on the City bench. THEY CHANT And the company, Zabaleta, Kolarov. It wouldn't surprise you to see Jai Toure and Delph and Fernandinho go to right-back at some point in the game for City. THEY CHANT They're going to be in the top three. THEY CHANT What did you make of Theo Walcott in this incident? Well, it didn't look great. No, it's a shocking one again. I've seen quite a lot of these in the last few weeks. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT There's it. Here's Sanchez, Monreal, rolling forward from left-back in towards Ozil. For Sanchez, always great. Andre Mane had a good angle on it. City only at the second attempt get it away. Sané... ..against his German international colleague Mustafi. Thought he could run him, but Mustafi slid in. It was that last ditch on Sanchez. It looked a good one from Fernandinho, but that problem coming down that side again for City. You wondered whether Ozil should have taken the shot, but he gets a good touch on the ball. Fernandinho, he was needed. City's problems are all down that side. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. That's why Pep Guardiola holds Fernandinho in such high regard. His game-management sense. His game-management sense. Jacket looking long for Welbeck. Jacket looking long for Welbeck. Finding him. Bale range to put him on the inside. Here he is. Welbeck. Jacket. Ozil. Sanchez tries to bend it. Sanchez tries to bend it. He's always a confident boy. Sanchez believes in himself. And he should do in this game. And Alassie's doing that one where he holds his hands behind his back and turns his back. Not great to see. There's the tackle. Little touch on the ball from Fernandinho. Well done to him. Well done to him. And Reus. And Reus has been. He always comes to the game not knowing when we thought we'd play three at the back. And we thought we'd play three at the back. in a large part of this build. And Navas is playing right-back. I'm not quite sure it's paying off in this first half an hour, It's giving Arsenal plenty of encouragement. It's giving Arsenal plenty of encouragement. Jacket. Looks to that sort of area again. And Navas does well. And Navas does well. You've got one side initially, but then got back, You've got one side initially, but then got back, well. but it's tough for him, you should expect. but it's tough for him, you should expect. It took a really good full-back to play against Alexis Sanchez, let alone a makeshift one. Mourinho. And a stretch by Koscielny, offside, against Alexis Sanchez. I'll warn you what's coming up next weekend. Tottenham, they have a chance of chasing down Chelsea after the results yesterday. They're home to Watford, 1.30am Sky Sports, 1.00am Crystal Palace, who have made the headlines, and home to Arsenal, that's Monday Night Football, a week on Monday. That was an April Fool yesterday, wasn't it? Chelsea 1, Crystal Palace 2. Incredible result. And that gives Tottenham and City a little bit of hope. Sanchez. Otamendi will get there first. That was caught by Granit Xhaka, who has, shall we say, a chequered past in disciplinary situations. He's in trouble again. My initial feeling was that it was dramatic from Otamendi, but he can be. And he just caps him on the back of his heel, and he's thrown himself to the ground, the centre-half. Not sure there's too much in it. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR It's OK. In his first season at Arsenal, played against Manchester City last season, in a ten-pins lead with Borussia Mönchengladbach. There is rash, and he does get carded a lot. Mm. He's got a poor disciplinary record. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR I'm not sure there's too much damage to Otamendi. I knew what he was doing. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR I'm sure he's thinking about that right-hand side of his defence. FANS ROAR That must be occupying his mind. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Lost away a little bit, City. Not passing it anywhere near as well as they were earlier in the game. Yeah, the width of the post helped Arsenal stay in it. That's what we saw from De Bruyne, and the follow-up save by Ospina from David Silva. 2-0. Xhaka. Well done. Going out to Sanchez to confront Jesus Navas again. FANS ROAR He was retrieving his pass that was intercepted with typical gusto, and he got a free kick out of it, Alexis Sanchez. Not really sorted between them, Navas and Sterling. He could have threaded that one through to Monreal against Sanchez, and then he picks up the loose ball. Hesitant Raheem Sterling just sticks a lazy leg out, gives Mesut Ozil a better chance. The two previous... The previous free kicks have been from a lot deeper. This one's a good position. One of the two players about whom there is the most publicity day in, day out at Arsenal. Will they, won't they stay? They've got to miss up to Mendy if they're gonna cross it. The last two have hit him. Sanchez optimistic enough to try and get the left-foot on it to beat Caballero one side or the other. And he plays it in rather than goes for goal. That's the one big plus point of having that high line. If you put too much pace on it, attacking players can't get in there quickly enough. You've just got to take a little bit off it. You see the evidence there that Arsenal are getting stronger, or have been stronger in this last ten minutes. They've got to try and do here what they can. They've got to try and do here what they can. They've got to try and do here what they can. And we've got to try and do here what City did to them at the Etihad in December. And win by coming from behind. And City have stopped playing. They've started to go a little bit longer. And obviously Sterling, Sané and Aguero, that's not gonna work for them. Stafford and Koscielny picking up those balls. Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go left, go left! Go right, go left! Lewis, Sané, handball is given. That's a decent angle from which to try and catch that's a decent angle from which to try and catch out the high line out the high line that kept going any other favours defensively. You can see there, really high. You can see there, really high. You've just got to make sure that... You've just got to make sure that... which guides it in towards the penalty spot. There it goes. Not quite deep enough. Back by Monreal, must have been offside. And it peters out to City's liking. Pep Guardiola, interestingly, he's actually waving his team up the pitch, waving his back four at the pitch, telling Caballero to kick it. Which he's not seen that many times. Saying, wait, get at the pitch. THEY CHANT De Bruyne, take care of the dropping ball. David Silva's got to behind Xhaka. Pass again forcing Sterling a little bit wider than he wanted to be. And there's the full-man, off-match, Monreal. A disappointment there for Arsene Wenger would be that ball, played up by Caballero, De Bruyne's brought it down and controlled it. But he's looking for a league double over Arsenal, for the first time since the 1975-76 season. WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Of course, at the moment, a second goal would really help. John Stone's trying to supply it. THEY CHANT WHISTLE BLOWS One of those years ago, Scotland midfielder Asa Hartford scored in both wins. England strikers Joe Royal and Martin Lampard, they've won. Rodney Marsh also on target in the game in North London. Not here, of course, at Highbury. THEY CHANT APPLAUSE THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They've been in there richer years, the recent years. They haven't been winning here, Manchester City. Mancini got the only success they've ever had in the Premier League. That was at this ground three or four years ago. THEY CHANT They did poor on the ball. Two Arsenal central midfield players, their positions are poor, they're not ready to receive the ball on the half-turn. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT To me, that's probably the one thing they need to sort out at this moment in time. THEY CHANT Coquelin's ahead of the ball, not quite sure he's running into a left-wing position. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT There's Mustafi. THEY CHANT They're not ready to take it out, but Bayern can take it on for Arsenal. THEY CHANT They're trying to... THEY CHANT ..build a road to recovery here. THEY CHANT That might have been another step along it with... THEY CHANT ..Elsao trying to get behind Fernandinho. Another Arsenal corner, they're taking it quickly. THEY CHANT Fernandinho's doing nearly well, Fernandinho. THEY CHANT Wilcott. THEY CHANT Wilcott. THEY CHANT He's smuggled it in. THEY CHANT And Arsenal are level. THEY CHANT That road to recovery gets a little longer, a little wider. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They'll be getting back to it in this game, Arsenal, since they've stopped playing. THEY CHANT A little bit of sleep, no urgency to close it down. And they're coming out. Well, that's Coletier. Yeah, it's enjoying the reflection, actually. They're not the believes already, but that was quite a peculiar shot. But also this happened a little later, the energy of the course is increasing, which has given Arsenal another chance of trying to do better nights. Unaware that in any way they'll end up winning FIFA because they beat the L czyli after a München victory it once more. That's the biggest比 scripture here. But in Sanовать Channel only on IRVC News And here's Sané, who had given City the lead early on. As you said, Gary, City just had turned it off a bit, they'd paid a price for it, and here's Sanchez, found by Ozil. He needs to get his head up, and there were two to the left. Even Pep Guardiola saying to Cavieiro, kick it long from the goal kicks is something you don't normally see. It's almost like get through to half-time, 1-0 in front. Which they haven't done. 15 minutes in, they stopped doing the right things, the things that were serving them so well in that first period of the game. They looked fantastic. Clichy. De Bruyne tries the flick and it's sort of come off. De Bruyne, oh, it's defected against the post. Off for Laurent Koscielny. They've hit both posts now, and he's been involved. Two times, Kevin De Bruyne. And he rolls up again. Still De Bruyne. Sterling. De Bruyne. Comes out to David Silva. Now Aguero. City are back in front. Sergio Aguero found the angle. It's a hammer blow to Arsenal, having worked so hard to get level. It's a massive hit. City have said, we'll let you get level and then we'll start playing again. And they've reacted quickly. It's poor for more Urza in the middle of the pitch, not quite sure what he's doing there, kicks it right against Silva. This is brilliant from De Bruyne, doesn't quite get there, and then David Silva, if you want a man to do the right thing, make the right pass, it's him, and he does. And who's on the end of it? Sergio Aguero. There's only one outcome, you know he's gonna fire it into that final. He's deadly when you get so close to goal. It's past Ospina, before he can dive. Arsenal all over the place. And City back in front. He looks, he looks. It's just the speed of the strike that beats the goalkeeper. Well, since all that talk about Aguero not being a Guardiola player, he's scored eight in eight. A real big one indeed for the Pisces. Didn't play in the home game,skinned. He was suspended. There is giving it away with credit and another 90super. and that is the sign of a sagging team Mustafi and Jack have been encouraged to try and knock it off the length of the pitch he didn't expect a nil-nil today did we? no impossible these two teams I think both of them struggled defensively it's gonna be first to the hundred both got 97 in all competitions is that a conceded goal or a score? well the Arsenal goal is the 50th conceded by Pep Guardiola since he took over as City's manager not him personally but by the team he has set out it's interesting that Gaiatore is warming up for Manchester City it wouldn't be surprising to see him introduced and Fernandinho go to right back here's Danny Roelbeck but the handball was spotted for a moment it looked as though it wasn't but er... Andre Marrano saying I saw that Pep Guardiola's been crazy at the assistant referee because he feels as though he should have been the one flagging but maybe he did through the microphones that they have Got to mend it Mustafi saying he got the ball the referee didn't think so Ferrer fouled two added minutes he's deflated them strange isn't it? first seven or eight minutes of the game the last couple of minutes yeah Manchester City supreme not so in between stop come on come on come on out come on out kick him kick him front kick him front kick him front kick him front here by Koscielny back by Fernandinho covering across at right back here's again the Brazilian silky play and again the player is diving in left right and centre simply a good shot Well, that could so easily have been a second equaliser for Walcott. That was a really good touch from Theo Walcott, good spot from Sanchez, he was against Navas. Pretty much do what he wants. That first touch that's good, that gives him a chance. orb Advisory