they were still hanging on just a week into the season we've already seen the best and worst of Liverpool formidable pouring forward porous at the back the game of the Emirates underlined why the Reds could be right up there at the end of the season and also what will have gone wrong if they're not certainly a different type of test today against the club who pride themselves on their defensive inscrutability trying to be taken by Burnley's birthday boy Stephen Ward who turns 31 today Van Alden driving it forward it was me that did the covering and Mane who did the rest for Burnley it's one of the changes that Burnley have made from the last Premier League campaign with Ben Mee playing at centre-half these days instead of at left-back Van Alden Sturridge there has started only a quarter of Liverpool's Premier League games over the last two seasons but back to fitness and back in the side today a struggle always feel there's something to prove when the side scores four in your absence interesting as well to see him out on that right-hand side would prefer to be the central striker Firmino has been given that role today Coutinho and Sturridge will try and join him but he's currently stationed out the right-hand side of Liverpool Clavin who has plenty of Bundesliga experience and once won the Dutch title as well but it's been sloppy at the back giving away to grey votes on the turn perfect start for Burnley but if there were question marks about Liverpool's defensive performance latterly at Arsenal last week those same frailties have been exposed different personnel same problems Burnley won Liverpool nil just the start the home side would have wanted it's a mistake it's a gift poor pass inside Andre Gray quick to react he picks the ball that looks forward finds his strike partner Sam Boat and it's a terrific finish plenty of power on it past Mignolet and what a start for Burnley just one minute and 38 seconds into the game Sam Boat's off and running for the season there is the man playing at left back in Moreno's absence today Milner first free kick of the game goes Liverpool's way what a start though for Burnley unable to score last week against Swansea it is an area of their team that was so effective in the championship game and it's a great game for them to be able to play against Swansea today Ball balls come in to sacred with the long pass it's not the same as what it used to be that happens always You recall how dirty backhand had like a garage it opens up during the rotation that was the pitch optimizing Caesars like that for international teams but the how lovely that was the backhand of Wijnaldum so good system not only was he there using a clean Which is usually when the players too rush in just had to beware that that could happen and you've gotta wear with the way they all might be able to come at a dream and you've got to get tight, you've got to get tight to Sam Vokes he's in so much space on the edge of the box he's able to turn and get his shot away and now the pace of Gray might cause problems Lovren coming across the cover and it was an impeccably timed challenge it had to be as well Andre Gray, pace to burnt got in behind that Liverpool defence but Lovren, an excellent covering tackle it's been a tough watch for Jurgen Klopp so far resting on his laurels after the win at Arsenal he described the performance as quote, good enough for the first game he thought that they could have done better one thing you can guarantee is that they do have the ammunition going forward probably no matter how many they can see the goal behind last week as well and responded actually were slow getting going last week this is Andre Gray probably in an offside position actually when that ball was played over the top but Lovren did brilliantly to get back and make the tackle Mane back for Tom Heaton who once faced Liverpool in a League Cup final when he was the kind of city goalkeeper another long ball forward but the flag is up this time Robotnik team againstudent but one of the classes at thisём winning over half facilitated by Andre Gray will lead the favour cafeter at Montpellier he's another big centre fielder given away by Firmino this time time seized upon by Boyd great taking on Klavan a goal kick is the verdict linesman saying that it came off the foot of grey on its way out I'd say it was either a free kick or actually burn these ball is worn now he's lost it right turnover of possession in that Burnley half and quickly got it back grey instinctively knowing which run Boyd was gonna make but he's too wide men Boyd will be the one who will be more inclined to come inside I'll be more inclined to come inside but I feel tends to hold the width on the left flank Firmino van Alden storage making the run near life to the danger no significant appeals from the Liverpool players there that the ball it hit his arm Klein invited forward by Liverpool, here's Sturridge and the deflection gives Liverpool their first corner it's better from Liverpool Lallana clapping his team mates, Daniel Sturridge when he picks the ball up in that position he's always thinking can he get his shot away Coutinho for Milner Lallana did well to dig it out from underneath his feet back from Klein, well taken by Lallana again this time the referee did acknowledge a foul and has played the advantage Liverpool's way Coutinho, just asked too much of Roberto Firmino the first time we've seen Steven Defoe really in action and it was an important blocker and it was a block on the edge of the box it's going to be key isn't it for Burnley this season new signing from Anderlecht cheering cheers Henderson beautifully taken by the four Sturridge did very well to extricate himself from a difficult position there and find Klein, now Lallana Mee stands firm again and now we're through for Arfield oh full Firmino's ball Lallana by Clavan on Gray well decidedly speculative from Coutinho bearing in mind the quality of the free kick that he scored last week you can understand why he was prepared to have a go well and the quality that he showed in pre-match as well went through a series of shooting drills and I didn't see him miss but taking that chance on and way over the crossbar just looking at Liverpool now I think they can get out on the left-hand side with James Milner he talked about George Boyd tucking in he does that an awful lot so the out ball for them is James Milner at left back only once in the last eight years have Burnley lost their opening two games of the season that was a couple of years ago in the last Premier League season when like this year they had a one-nil defeat to Swansea they also lost here to Chelsea a foul by Mane on Milner will give Liverpool the free kick plenty of bite in that Burnley midfield though talked about Defoe putting his foot in closing down making tackles Dean Mane alongside him does exactly that as well Milner the man given the nod ahead of Alberto Moreno to play at left back today a largely unaccustomed role for him but he did play there in the pre-season games with Milan and Barcelona also in a Europa League match at Manchester United last season very difficult ball for Sturridge there trying to play Firmino in over the top there's not a lot of space it has to be absolutely perfect difficult conditions as well very windy here at Turf Moor wind has abated somewhat from how it was earlier this afternoon generally then it was blowing from the far side of the pitch as we look at it in towards this near touch line Mane rifling back towards Ward after the whistle had gone it's a free kick for a foul on Sturridge Firmino for Milner Firmino Coutinho looking for that top right hand corner again he's getting closer that was a bit nearer he can't afford to give him too much time on the edge of the box he's always likely to produce some magic curling effort just there now curling effort just wide this time he's had a couple of sighters now he'll get closer to him not allow him to get his head up two goals at Arsenal last weekend seven in his last 14 games and tends to score more goals away from home than he does at Anfield as well it's going to be a good battle that between Vox and Klarman it appeared to be a little bit of holding going on from the Estonian here's Milner Coutinho van Aalden letting it run for Firmino and sent it straight to Aarfield it's an optimistic ball hoping for the pace of Andre Gray Henderson finding van Aalden the way Burnley are set up two banks of four very tight very narrow Liverpool can switch the ball very quickly and they've got the two full backs Klein and Milner both happy to bomb forward and available all the time well read by Boyd there ahead of Milner Henderson shuffled across into that left back area and Boyd ended up stumbling the free kick has gone Liverpool's way handball he actually didn't have any options he picked the ball up he did brilliantly got past Milner he's looking up and Andre Gray didn't really make a move for him so much of Liverpool's attacking play easy on the eye the link-ups between all the combinations of players so well drilled Coutinho reverse ball in towards Lallana two in a more central position it's Firmino that made the run across the near post there's another corner well it is so difficult because it's not like they're set and rigid Liverpool in those positions we've seen Sturridge come in the middle out on the left hand side Firmino dropping deep it's very difficult only takes one to switch off and it's a very difficult thing to do and the ball is in the middle of the right wing and it's a very difficult thing to do and it's a very difficult thing to do and it's a very difficult thing to do Milner with the throw here's Lallana have Milner outside it and it's going to come off Gray and Lallana couldn't keep it in goal kick well it was a great start for Burnley getting that goal but since the goal they've been penned back just seeing Andre Gray in a really defensive position having to make that tackle inside his own box Vokes was just on the edge of the box as well so there's no out ball well the foundation behind Burnley's success here last season was a superb defensive record the goal that they conceded at Leroy Fair last weekend actually only the fourth they've shipped at home since early December actually only the fourth they've shipped at home since early December Liverpool's performance last week did suggest that defensive prowess will come under scrutiny this afternoon but these opening exchanges Burnley have more than held their own Clyne making his way forward again be a good test of the defensive abilities of Arfield today Dortmund's side of the pitch er' Ron Vos He's bowled a good ball you saw 2017 M latte I want to play my own Christmas I undoubtedly want to play my own Christmas chance here against Clyde not quite enough of the chances it turned out release the pressure it gets them up the pitch that's important particularly when they've 10 minutes where they've had to do a lot of defending a lot of work gone into it just relieves a bit of that pressure is money now I'm certainly caught the breeze loads and having to make sure that it was a measured ball back for Tom Heaton Liverpool with the fast-paced majority of possession three quarters of the ball in these early exchanges it's Burnley with the advantage another nervy touch there from Lovren had Sam Vokes eyes lighting up for a moment Burnley playing Liverpool at their own game with the Gagan press Loughton's ball in not the worst in the world on this breeze invited Mignolet off his line but he was justified in coming that far out to get there ahead of our field Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge remarkably last weekend's defeat to Swansea was Burnley's first league loss of 2016 it ended her on a 23 unbeaten matches that had underpinned their promotion campaign and they've had to try and bounce back from adversity too often in the recent past but they've made a very good fist of doing exactly that in the early stages here full of character mirrors the manager really Sean Dyche and a terrific job bouncing back at the first opportunity into the Premier League again they work incredibly hard and and at home the first before university its fair said for gave that was on offer for that pass he played a brilliant side of the Inhale had passes at front diff seems it close you might not recall the Sun attack Sturridge and the snag that he says that's a kick off time Klein Coutinho Sturridge making his run forward a very audible shout even from here from Tom Heaton with goalkeeping. Llewellyn lost the ball just struggling to find that that final pass at the moment it is so tight and congested Burnley said I think the important thing for them today was keeping their shape they've done that well so far in this game not a lot of space in behind and they're struggling to find that killer pass England's assistant manager Sammy Lee here today busman's holiday for Sammy obviously is a former Liverpool player he will have relished being given this particular assignment number of players for him to focus on including this man Nathaniel Klein and this man Daniel Sturridge and this one Jordan Henderson not this one anymore though James Milner who announces international retirement after the European Championships Coutinho Klein Lallana well you can see what he was trying to do but he couldn't keep his feet he presented the ball straight to Boyd folks looking for the ball for Gray Klein and he's got it in the air he's playing play this back Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge well that's next door that's Burnley Cricket Club where England fast bowling legend Jimmy Anderson played all his cricket in his formative years not able to play there today because of the weather Sturridge good job Michael again it was what he called the semi-finalIX from England in that game IC legal Jon Coburn yesterday playing against a doucetout impeachment kind of abundantly Cal and Post- Although my occasion to that was Burnley defence but it is Keenan me these days Michael Keenan incidentally who's good form saw him the subject of a 12 million pound bid from Leicester in the transfer window well by by the final them his client the persistence from client Milner making his way forward as the Liverpool full-backs love to do the Lana on the turn did well to get the shot in but just couldn't get the power he needed patient build-up from Liverpool keeping the ball Coutinho I think it's getting too much space again and pick the ball up no one within 10 yards of him most difficult with Liverpool's movement but burners get tight to everybody Coutinho particularly such a special player one back by the four in the midfield Mane for Boyd Lothan and now space space and now space and now space and now space and now space and now space in behind Matt Lothan space has been capitalized on with the ball for for storage from Coutinho over here so clever from Coutinho though he saw local bombing forward to try and join in with boy automatically went into the space that he vacated you you you you you you and the passerцы our you can see the beauty in it was header away finding great out supplying the whip this time is our field the Canadian international before Mane. Unable to find Lothian. Another opportunity for Burnley to try and work. Simon Mignolet goes west. They've only had the one attempt so far. Second-minute goal from Sam Vokes. Liverpool with six attempts, but haven't looked likely to find a way through so far. I think Burnley have to get that first ball up to Vokes, up to Gray, better. They have to try and build and try and get the midfield able to join. They're so deep. First ball up to Vokes or Gray. It's a long way for the midfield to come and join, but it's got to stick, and the ball has to be better into those front two. Another example of Burnley's excellent work rate putting the pressure on the Liverpool back line and... Van Ouden, the more defensive-minded midfielder in that move. Liverpool can play their way out from the back this time, though. Will Burnley sit back until Liverpool give you a chance? Mignolet played a short ball into Henderson, and ultimately they think then, well, we can go and press and go and win the ball back higher up the pitch. Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! And Mille has kept that in. Lallana. Coutinho. Keane covers, but it's another Liverpool corner. Wide areas, I think, are key for Liverpool. Trying to double up on the full-backs. Next one defending again by Keane from Burnley. Get up! A space for Lallana whose first touch wasn't the best, his second one wasn't bad at all. In the end he deflected up off Ward and looped invitingly towards his goalkeeper. Well Burnley unable to really deal with the short corner and the amount of space that Lallana found himself in inside the penalty area will have been a grave concern for Sean Dyche. Well the first anniversary of Jurgen Klopp taking charge isn't too far away but this season is the first time there's a feeling that this really is his team out there. He's signed six players over the summer, he's been able to balance the books as well thanks to this morning's sale of Christian Benteke to Crystal Palace. I only thought they were in a promising position there, the referee's whistle has gone and Lee Mason has... given a free kick and a foul on Wijnaldum. Well he lunges in on Wijnaldum, the first touch was from Boyd and the second one is from Mane. It's a strong challenge, he does win the ball but the studs are showing. Lee Mason quick to give the decision. Klavan. Milner scooping it forward but a keen red, what might have been an awkward bounce. George Boyd is making the 450th appearance of his career today. He's really added a defensive nous on the right-hand side of Burnley's midfield. Klaven. And this is the first time he's scored anything at the Reds. A great start for the Reds. And now it's a great start for the Reds. But Burnley might never have beaten Liverpool in the Premier League, they can draw on experience of those who have. Boyd, one of them, Lothan, Ward and Keitly have all been on the winning side against the Reds in the past. In fact, Stephen Ward once scored the winner at Anfield when he was a Wolves player. Burnley's first ever Premier League goal against Liverpool, and it's the difference between the two sides at the moment. Come on. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. Klaven resisting the temptation to go back to his goalkeeper there. What a good play out from the back after Sturridge and Mignolet both kept their heads. What a save by Sturridge. What a save by Sturridge. lifts off Sturridge, Sleep encountered Sturridge behind stooz Skylar lived it in. lived it in. Independent opponent for Loughran. for Loughran. becoming an early choice as should be used against Kiev becoming an early choice as should be used against Kiev Klaitte. That's fair. Sturridge. No freeplan. ăn practice look over at Sturridge. hold of it but that's a warning shot across the Burnley bows it's been a criticism of Liverpool so far in this game I say they've just been a bit sluggish in possession need to move it quicker they do that find storage on the edge of the box and again doesn't need a second invitation find the target on this occasion coming off that right-hand side he's always got that shot with his left foot into the corner which he's looking for he scored in the last meeting of the two clubs Daniel Sturridge he scored in the Europa League final as well most recently it's golf scoring record for Liverpool is fantastic 53 goals in 92 games just the fact that successive Liverpool managers haven't always been able to count on his services stopped him becoming an icon at Anfield or more of an icon than he is should I say the four folks dropping deep to try flick it on towards grey hardly one ahead of them as he Sam folks that'll frustrate Sean Dyche when the ball goes up and looking to try and get out they need the big sense of forward to be more of a threat against sowie to my want to negotiate cyanide it's time to real have a break they're ready club lot to have a face-off love it and MEVEMENT tried to bring the ball forward but intercepted by Henderson here's Miller again Coutinho just too far ahead of Van Uylen he's the one again though that keeps getting in space Coutinho into the 32nd minute of the game and applause for Burnley supporter Chris Walker in memory of him Loughlin wins another header against Vokes and the Vokes are doing an awful lot of defensive work he's been asked to get around Jordan Henderson but he has to do more in an attacking sense for Burnley and holding the ball up and winning his headers Henderson Firmino able to turn Coutinho fashioning a pass to the outside of the boot for Milner got the ball in away from Loughton Liverpool winning a lot of the second ball around the edge of the Burnley penalty area at the moment here's Milner again his acquaintance with Loughton twisted past him Loughton unable to prevent the corner that's stopping what might have been a potent cross and then stopping Liverpool taking a quick one as well Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 this time it's Coutinho dropped off towards the edge of the penalty area to try and find space Burnley read their intentions this time and Andre Gray leads the camera attack almost single-handedly Boyd did well to have a little bit of strength in there Liverpool had enough bodies back to win it back he's gonna do it he's gonna do on his own wasn't he no one around him Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Taxthat Tape Payne Waugh Pavard Fraser Deloach Coutinho's Crossfield pass Arfield header for Henderson von Alden Arfield header for Henderson von Alden venodeh has to be he's got to be there quicker henderson's picking up all the loose balls because folks is slow to react to get close to him another promising liverpool attack comes to nothing because of the quality of coutinho's pass over here for james milner but they're being able to work that kind of area with increasing regularity now so coutinho is trying to get away from the four was effectively done by the burnley new boy miss folks our field great just trying to let the ball spin down the side of london but he then fouled him and he's got to get back up to the ground and he's got to get back up to the ground it will be interesting to see how andre gray adjust the playing in the premier league every step that he's made so far has been a success and was the championship's leading scorer last season form that he brought with him into burnley's pre-season campaign when he scored in every match nine goals in six games for it very different type of striker to danny ings lalana again unable to get the purchase in the shot but firmly haven't got it back left hand afterhhh but nill einer dabbyinsler Firmino Sturridge one back by Defoe Gray was 20 yards offside at one stage Defoe hasn't needed a play in yet he has now still Andre Gray it's 2-0 classic counter-attacking football from Burnley Liverpool with all the possession but Burnley hit them with a sucker punch and what a contribution from the new boy Stephen Defoe I said at the start of the game Andre Gray is going to be key to Burnley staying up this season and his goals but it came from that new man Stephen Defoe he drove forward he got a bit of fortune waited and waited picked his pass Andre Gray he thought the chance had gone when he cut inside but he cuts onto his left hand foot silent and there was a strike into the bottom corner which Mignolet can't get near from back to front very quickly and having been on the back foot for most of this first half they find themselves two up his first Premier League goal what a memorable one it will prove to be for him Burnley 2 Liverpool 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 26 27 28 29 flying Firmino two important blocks there from Dean Marnie I think the two midfield boys Defoe and Marnie have got through an awful lot of work they've had to as well they need more help from folks I did wonder Sean Dyche picking a 4-4-2 this season again Lallana finding Klein here very safe from Heaton just broke off for that Klein opportunity but picking a 4-4-2 I think in terms of getting overrun in midfield I think that can be a problem sometimes the way that teams play, three in midfield and I think they definitely need more from folks in helping get around Jordan Henderson Henderson stop that Henderson finally found Alder now Milner Liverpool have been able to get into this position лишen on umpteen occasions this is this is where it's time to break down for them Tended to break down for them. Almost came Lallana's way there. Ben Mee was the defender involved. Well, what a difference a week can make. At one stage, they were euphoric last week. Liverpool 4-1 up, away to Arsenal. And now, less than a week later, they find themselves two down, away to Burnley. But they have been the better team for so much of the game. We'll feel that they're not out of this by any stretch of the imagination. It's a different test for them this week, isn't it? Arsenal very open. An attacking team. Burnley organised, disciplined. Two backs and four. Making it difficult to be played through. Liverpool need to be patient. Coutinho working the angle. And again, going for the top right-hand corner. And again, missing it. Three shots he's had now. Almost identical positions. He hasn't threatened Tom Heaton once. But he's going to have to go for the second chance. Annoyed with himself, because it's opened up again for him. Burnley letting him come inside and getting that shot away. Running to double figures in terms of attempts now at Liverpool. But Burnley's two are the ones that are counted. It's always been a case of evolution, rather than revolution here at Burnley, with Shaun Baish keeping faith with the players that won them promotion, opposed to making wholesale changes. One linchpin of the last few years did leave this week with David Jones' move to Sheffield Wednesday. Gray is offside here. Dice was glowing in his tributes to a player who won two promotions. Ultimately, it came down to the length of contract on offer. Burnley unable to match the three-year deal that was on the table from the Owls. So he made the decision for his family to make the move into Yorkshire to sign for Sheffield Wednesday. EVERY begs. This man will make his football debut toay. Dice. Kneeling. 지고ing? Dice watching applause for L...,is DeChurchie Fleming. Klav? James Milner on the Liverpool left. Boyd quick to come across and close him down. Firmino. Henderson. Nicely done for Sturridge. Good feet from Sturridge. Coutinho back towards Sturridge. Peels for hand, ball fall on deaf ears. And it almost then broke to Firmino. It was Keane that was just able to dig it clear in time for Burnley. That was very neatly done by Gray. It certainly doesn't look phased from playing in the Premier League for the first time this season. Must have been some journey for Steven Defoe who turned out a more lucrative, but in his words, less fulfilling move to the UAE in order to try his hand in the Premier League. He's made an impression in this first half. In from Milner towards Sturridge, but there was a push. By Sturridge. And a free kick goes Burnley's way. APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, as we go into the final minutes of the first half, we'll see what happens next. We'll see what happens next. We'll see what happens next. another minutes tribute to a Burnley fan who sadly lost his life this week Neil Kennelly now being remembered by the home support and the club of the year an example illustration of the nature of Burnley and how much of a community club it is