even in week two of the season this will be seen as a genuine test of their top four credentials what response will there be to being 2-0 down at half-time to newly promoted Burnley have been only three occasions incidentally in the Premier League history that Liverpool have found themselves two down at the break and come back to win last of those nearly eight years ago when a 2-0 scoreline at half-time became a 3-2 victory away to Manchester City actually in Burnley's last Premier League campaign is one of their Achilles heels being able to hold on to Leeds they will think back to a game against Crystal Palace a couple of years ago and they were 2-0 up and lost his Sturridge angle too tight for him with no support at the far post you can see the ball is coming in from the left wing and it's a little bit of a ball is coming in from the left wing and it's a little bit of a poor clearance from Burnley wind causing them all sorts of troubles in that back line so is the beneficiary couldn't hit the target and he's right foot well in the old days possession was seen as being nine-tenths of the result 78% possession for Liverpool up to this point and they find themselves two goals a dream Tim Ankhe yet again downright great well as it turns out that's good luck Luke Nick vaak you would have expected him to be able to put away. The fact that he's off and running and has done so in such good style will clearly be a massive fillip for him. He's a player that's going to be very difficult to defend against. He's always on the shoulder, always looking to get in behind. He will create chances for himself. It's just a matter of how many he's going to take this year for Burnley. I said earlier that for them to stay up, they're going to need him to fire. He's had a good day today. Milner. That's one of the problems. James Milner playing at left back. Very much right foot. He wants to come back on his right foot all the time. Saw that a lot in the first half. When he got into crossing positions, kept coming back onto his right side. It means he has to go backwards and sideways all the time. Well, that is one aspect of Moreno's game that is seldom faulted. Supplying genuine width down that left-hand side. An ultra-attacking full-back. And his performance came under fire at Arsenal last week. Jurgen Klopp was quick to defend his man, saying that he couldn't really understand what all the fuss had been about. He's the only specialised fit left-back at the club. Liverpool have been linked with moves for both Jonas Hector and Ben Chilwell this summer. He was quick to defend him, but he did leave him out today. He had that decision to make, didn't he, about who was going to play at left-back. Milner fit again. Got the nod ahead of him. The referee obliged to stop play there because of the potential of it being a serious head injury for Andre Gray. Play restarts with the uncontested drop ball. It's van Aelden. Klavan put under pressure. And it was telling pressure from Mane. Henderson. Almost hold. Klavan short there. And a four. Adding to the press. And now Liverpool can play their way out. Apparently they've done that very well this afternoon. Miss Sturridge. Klein making his way forward. Last touch came off Mee. It's a Liverpool throw. Henderson put under pressure. She sees a shot risk. She says it should be out now. It's in! Learning what the ball is into. Everton andんだ Larn and ada. Henderson. Henderson gets their free kick. Henderson kicked in again. Henderson has attacked the gutter. Yixtich passing back to Khan. Sa itu ilegale. Roland de Lenay-Vic tastes wonderful guys. izenmonteen Henderson scores a strip toience. Henderson scores a strip toience. And Liverpool players cutting inside to try and work the angle. And when the shot does come in, it's straight at Heaton. Coutinho again trying his luck from distance. Tell you what though, you go through all the Liverpool shots and where have they come from? Pretty much all of them outside the box. Burnley will be happy with that. I know they've got quality players who can score from that sort of distance. Coutinho being one of them. The majority of Liverpool shots have come from outside the box. And Burnley will be happy about that. Do you think Liverpool should be doing more of it than not? How do they remedy that situation? How can they make these frequent attempts become better attempts? It's difficult because there's not a lot of space in behind. Burnley have done a really good job of condensing the game and not leaving a lot of space for runners in behind. It's a little bit of magic. I think one or two... You've got to see one or two players take the opportunity to take someone on. Now Gray trying to use his pace to get in. Snuck round the back of Clavin. Couldn't bring the ball under control. That threat of the long ball and the pace of Gray is omnipresent. Firmino. Better attempt. And forces Heaton into his first really difficult save of the afternoon. Still one you'd expect him to make. And another shot from outside the box. It's a long way out and a decent effort. Good save, Tom Heaton. Corner taken short and quickly again by Liverpool. In from Henderson. The initial header missed by May. And then De Vore slams it away. The pattern's not changed, has it? Liverpool enjoying all the ball. Keane's defensive header. plein. The half-time time Farm you over there Roth . We're up 19 points down. Doc 생 do for the have the same half time. RC. Jamie Aku will come again to fine. Altman. At the pressurebr matière from Liverpoolis like against up on the picks. Sald. falling for Lallana back to him from Firmino so many Burnley bodies back danger of a nick inside their own net there as me just withdrew from trying to attack the cross looks like that had gone out of play for a throw but play goes on it could be controversial if anything comes from this in from Milner back down from Firmino and Scourge on the turn can only find the crowd the booze and whistles for the officials Burnley fans thought that should have been a throw along with you first things think that's over the line that's a throw to Burnley it wasn't given we'll have another look I think that's out definitely out Sean Dyche was going man on the touchline at the decision got away with it you are the man you are the man you are the man you are the man you are the man is that a very positive thought about the game today that is absolutely fantastic great incredible and I think the best we have Liverpool could improve I think wide areas is something that again they can do better we saw a ball in from Firmino not long ago where he whipped it across the six yard box a brilliant ball in no one attack in it it's the best we've seen in a wide area the best cross we've seen from Liverpool that's a Liverpool free kick for offside one area that will have been highlighted against teams that ended up in the bottom ten and lost three of those games on the road. Been at Swansea when it was a much changed side in the thick of the Europa League campaign. And also at Watford and Newcastle. Find themselves 2-0 down away from home at a newly promoted club. But still with all the play concentrated around that penalty area. Folks to Arfield. Just happy to dig it clear. And that's the word for Burnley as well. Concentrate. Because they are coming under an awful lot of pressure. First half, they kept the shape really well. It's been the same story in the second. Happy to sit deep and invite the pressure from Liverpool. But concentrate, don't switch off. This was the period of the game last weekend where Liverpool were the first to win the game. Where Liverpool were so deadly. Sense that they're getting closer. Van Aalden. Now Klein. Tinho. Sturridge. Henderson back for Klein. There's no foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. Tinho. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. Tinho. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It will be a Liverpool throw to restart play but only after a Burnley change. And the club record signing makes way. Stephen De Boer. Player once on Sir Alex Ferguson's radar. A man who's brought international pedigree to the Burnley midfield and he's shown up well on his debut. Not used necessarily to the pace of the Premier League but there have been some lovely touches from him. Yeah, and of course he was instrumental. and that second goal broke up play, drove forward and created the opportunity for Andre Gray to double Burnley's lead. I think he's had a good debut for Burnley today. Worked hard, showed some good touches. I think Sean Dyche probably would have liked to have kept him on a little bit longer really because he and Mane have done a good job of stifling Liverpool in that central area. That's another relatively recent signing, Johan Goodmanson, who's come on to replace him. Relegated last season from the Championship but now in the Premier League. His debut as a substitute for the last quarter of an hour against Swansea gets a little bit longer today. Lallana wins the corner off me. Liverpool have certainly had the monopoly in that commodity. Henderson across the taking. Five Liverpool players to attack this inside the penalty area, including Klavan who's the closest. Coutinho! Hasn't been his day in front of goal. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. I'm sure how many times he's hit the target. He's had about five or six attempts now from outside the box. Not troubled Tom Heaton once, I don't think. Interesting to see that Arfield has gone inside alongside Dean Mane from the left-hand side and Goodmanson out in front of Stephen Ward on this left-hand side. Not his customary position. Generally, plays on the right-hand side. Mane. Now Boyd. Another player that we've mainly seen in a defensive capacity today, George Boyd. Cl Шапин. Fast motion. Lallana looking for Sturridge. Well read by Ward. Goodmanson had to react quickly to the ball that was under hit. Firmino. Henderson other than gray every Burnley player is back behind the ball Henderson dropping deep and splitting the two centre-halves here for Liverpool for me no Lallana And the build-up is patient But only tending to defend within the width of their own penalty area Coming across and bending across there Burnley happy to congest that central area as much as they can a little pull unable to it's what has been saying supply the width To negate that tactic his Milner Van Alden Storage making his run almost got there ahead of me. It's a goal kick and it's a goal Once again with James Milner Cut inside right foot quite predictable from Bernie's point of view as soon as he goes back onto his right foot You know, you can squeeze the penalty area Amino's getting frustrated as well from the Liverpool keeps coming deep trying to get the ball trying to get involved He's not seen as much of it as he would have liked to have done today Emory Chan in the foreground there of the Liverpool substitutes and bird a moraine Oh there as well principal attacking option on the bench is that diva Karigi Here comes local for Burnley Might have been a shot having seen me lay off his life They would surprise me to see Moreno come on I know you got his criticism for his defending last week But in terms of attacking from that position and the amount of people that Liverpool have got today I only have Hardly been in little pools half in this this second period Will be a decent change for Jurgen Klopp tonight a Reggie as well is someone that Been impressed with every time I've seen him play For me no force to give up Have to Never Have a neden If they've got a different match Better Parents That should Hello Hello another block by Dean Marnick he's been everywhere today praised De Vore and said he's been all action and been everywhere but his midfield partner Dean Marnick has been excellent as well third Liverpool corner of the second half Heaton came a long way to meet it and was beaten by the flight There will be a brief break in play Marnick picks up a knock inside the penalty area his players attack that he's OK, he's back on his feet Lallana's corner towards the edge of the penalty area was well read by Arfield now Gray Arfield there ahead of Henderson Goodmanson Vokes trying to work a shooting position Liverpool that time had enough bodies back quickly enough to be able to negate any thought of a counter-attack but still the threat is there Burnley picking their moment to to win the game and push the bodies forward doing it very frequently at all but when they do they look dangerous quick to get back into those two banks of four though aren't they Burnley Coutinho in from Milner and away by Keane Burnley have defended steadfastly but the quality of delivery has often been poor from Liverpool who will now make their first change and it's Daniel Sturridge who will be replaced and Divock Origi is going to come on five goals in his last seven games and 27 from Divock Origi only made seven Premier League starts last season hasn't been able to force his way into the starting lineup so far this four forwards have been used from the start in the couple of games by Jurgen Klopp but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them what an immense future he has Origi's first touch Origi's first touch Origi's first touch Lovren Coutinho Coutinho already had half a dozen attempts already had half a dozen attempts in this game in this game only one of which has been on target Goodman said Goodman said No No But But But Goodman said efforts Goodman said were more key than just one set No foul. It's a Liverpool throw. They have habitually been quick out of the blocks in recent seasons. If they were to win this today, it would be the third time in four years they've taken six points from six at the beginning of a campaign. Some turnaround from here if they can do it. Gray. Has that predatory instinct around the edge of the penalty area. Goal scorer's instinct. Always looking to get his shots away. Good play by Mourinho. On the right side. As he gets it, opens up again on his left. Can't hit the target, but... He wants to shoot. 23 goals from last season. And the number of assists as well. That incidentally, the... first attempt that Burnley have had, but hasn't gone in. And he's got a free kick. And he's got a free kick. And he's got a free kick. Free kick given away by Arfield. Here's Lallana. Now Klein. Rolling away from Firmino. Cut out initially by Ward. Goodmanson trying to release Graves onside, but Mignolet read the script early enough. Ball got away from Firmino. And he's had a pretty poor afternoon as well from Liverpool's point of view. I think too many individuals have disappointed today. Yes, they've had lots of the ball. Last week we saw them attacking-wise. So exhilarating to watch. Today they've been frustrated because they've come up against really organised defence. People who are willing to close them down, put pressure on them, be organised, be defensive, be tight. They found that difficult to break down. Goal scorer's instinct. Goal scorer's instinct. Boyd will chase p Lancurch studies Three quarters of the game have now had 80% possession. and suddenly, ακیач مراگینی Cóçëo�orden But for that 80% possession And for that 80% possession in order to return the game from the full-arameter mode, possession they've had only a handful of shots on target which is a more telling statistic in fact in this second half Liverpool's possession is around the 85 percent mark but two nil to Burnley is the most important statistic of the lot ball too high for a reggae no time to say that today all too high now the crosses have been cut out at the near post quality in the final third has been lacking there's an intriguing contest on the cards midweek in the league cup for Burnley one of the country's lesser spotted local derbies as they make the short trip to Accrington just seven miles down the road it's the first time they've played in the league cup for Burnley in a competitive fixture in the town since the 19th century Burnley have held the local bragging rights for the small match of 123 years Accrington have even folded and come back since then Liverpool meanwhile in action against championship side Burton Albion foul on Firmino Henderson Clavin Miller again coming inside onto his right foot and once more good Dooley Travis Co panel jesteśmy uh to that's enough I'm sorry Lincoln anything he will not back out Dalton up even if you're trying vant defusing the u just get some fresh legs on to help his team has been a back-to-the-wall effort today Boyd finding space for Gray to run into Clavin drawn out from the middle out of the full-back position and Burnley could have made the most of that and Liverpool will be able to bring it away it's Coutinho skipping away from the challenge from Lothan before Boyd brought him down I think that's those sort of situations where Liverpool need to make the most of where Burnley have committed bodies forward they've lost it on the edge of Liverpool's box can they break quickly can they then find that quality passing to the front man and do things sharper teased in by Firmino Mee able to get the ball in the middle of the box to volley the ball away and Gray is very cleverly rolled Clavin and he's got the pace here Andre Gray Lovren between him and goal and eventually as he brought the ball back inside there were three Liverpool players blocking his path inside the penalty area and the chance had quickly gone that possibly the kind of opportunity that he might have taken in the championship last year that's the difference between the two divisions centre-half might not have got back as quickly as well I thought Lovren did a good job actually in getting back into position but he's always a threat for all the work they've done defensively Burnley they do carry that threat with Andre Gray here's Mane almost oblivious of the speed of which the Liverpool players were closing him down there Ward and now they're fighting Lallana fouled by Scott Arfield in the midfield now the referees whistle had gone although Liverpool would have gained an advantage had the ball been allowed to continue we're obliged to come back and take the free kick away Milner held up well there by Lowton Boyd doubling up on him as well Goodmanson unable to get the ball away from Klein though and back it will come again with Liverpool still senting a potential way back into this game Liverpool still sending a potential way back into this game one down one down Murray and he taller complain over Gerrard Who Guernsey Birdie win visit in the second week of September you thought that that was no bad thing necessarily with Liverpool's impressive away record last season all of a sudden the pressure would be on them next week if they end up going to North London on the back of a defeat here today some come back now if they don't sorry that isn't it a Regi going to that central strikers role Camino that's the right-hand side stories would have loved to have started in that position frustrated out the right-hand side of the felt folks back to make life difficult for Henderson and succeeding as well and a foul on boys that's it and there's a man who will feel that he has something to prove he said that he doesn't listen to criticism of his individual performances but you're much welcome to extremely be taking energy out of your stand for being the number one team to play and to move Shanghai pull through itself in today's game as well but I know we won't get to do it today and I'm kinda empty chịch is here he would have been made aware sure he's his own biggest critic anyway he might feel that he is the man who might be able to make a difference here from an attacking perspective with 15 minutes to go Alberto Moreno will be on and Grujic will be coming on for Liverpool as well here's Milner all beating Keane but not his centre-half partner Mee no foul on Henderson Klavan back for Milner Coutinho Burley again denying him any space with which to work here's Van Alden Origi made an excellent run there on the back of Michael Keane no service forthcoming now to be worked wide by Klavan to Milner Origi coasting in towards the near post Boyd made sure the ball didn't get inside the penalty area and Liverpool increasingly frustrated and Milner and Lallana are the players being withdrawn here so Moreno will come on it left back as expected and Grujic will come on into Lallana's attention here. Lallana's attacking midfield role Grujic's scored against Barcelona in preseason as well as in a couple of games against that lower division opposition in form of Fleetwood and Huddersfield a wonderfully taken goal against Barcelona, FAPO's looping header from a long way out has that little bit of guile that Liverpool has to deal with? that Liverpool need here Moreno was vocally backed by Jurgen Klopp having been left out for today's game he will feel that he has something to prove that he might owe his teammates here albeit of course that was a good goal by Liverpool but it was a good one by Liverpool. but it was a good one by Liverpool. those mistakes he made last week were still in a winning course here's Lovren Coutinho backpedalling Moreno is in close attendance if he needs him here's Grujic kept his feet good save from Heaton one that he would have expected to stop but it came at him quickly good feet by Grujic on the edge of the box good first touch back on his left and he gets the shots away just say straight the goalkeeper one that he would have expected to make did it comfortably Coutinho Moreno straight at Boyd had nothing in the way of support did well to and a good ball by Coutinho by this time to allow Lothian to make a passing Avenue for him now Arfield works it forward here's Goodmanson nutmegging Claven and still going hoisted high by Ward this test of Moreno's defensive capabilities no handball as Lothian tries to find the way through and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho Liverpool bring it forward quickly Origi try to bamboozle Keane again the Burnley center halves stuck to their job magnificently absolutely terrific defending again by Michael Keane he and Burnley have been superb but that was one of the few occasions where Liverpool made the most when Burnley attacked committed bodies forward eventually Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Coutinho for Origi blocked by Boyd Keane taking the defensive responsibility to clear and Gray as always is the outlet now he has Vokes in support Claven just leaning in front of Sam Vokes winning possession back no foul Sean Dyche was furious but saw him do that a few times saw him do that a few times Firmino he can't make full stretch and the ball again missing the target happy days for Burnley Firmino shoots him from 30 yards they're all in the Lancashire league will it be a win double for Burnley today certainly the footballers are doing their bit be the footballers are doing their bit mine my car mine my car is it yours the one that has got a big hole in the windscreen by the way has got a big hole in the windscreen by the way well two players have already broken their Premier League gold up today will Lukas Jokovic be able to make it a third Sam Vokes, one of those, got Burnley off to the perfect start 98 seconds on the clock when he scored the goal and this is the moment that gave Burnley the advantage and the self-belief and something tangible to hang on to, they've hung on to it brilliantly they have been hanging on at times but Vokes breaking the deadlock with his first goal since he netted four Wales against Belgium in the European Championship quarter-finals Lukas Jukovic on to replace him his instructions will be clear just get yourself behind the ball and do a good job defensively for us throughout the game it's been more of a 4-4-1-1 hasn't it Andre Gray's been the one that's really challenged Liverpool in behind and Vokes has tried to drop into midfield and get around Henderson Jukovic is going to have to do that same job to dry his system out and this has to happen he beats forme he gets it in and lactates however that's a two-way ticket back at maths andzung a rightly well playedenders a little bottom-ünü súple Well, the jury will be out on Liverpool's performances after two very different games to start the season. How would you assess them and what would constitute a successful season for them from what you've seen both today and last week? Well, the target, I think, would be Champions League football for Liverpool. To finish in the top four, I think, is what Jurgen Klopp would be aiming for. I've seen enough of them, I think, going forward to suggest that they'll score plenty of goals. Defensively, they're going to concede, though. Two games in almost and they've conceded five goals already. And that's going to be a problem for them, I think, throughout the course of this season. They found it difficult today against a team that's been disciplined and organised and not been too open, whereas last week it was very different against a side that tried to attack them and left spaces. Liverpool explored that brilliantly. But against a team that's been disciplined and organised, they found it difficult to play. Straight down. Well, they're finishing the Champions League positions only once in the last seven seasons. That, of course, three years ago when they didn't have European football to contend with. And it is the same this time round, too. Would have been great to have been able to christen the new standard Anfield with nights like the Dortmund match back in spring, but could well be the potential of a silver lining in terms of this league campaign. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. Moreno. Flip forward for Coutinho. Defending again by Keane, who just dropped out into that wide position. Moreno. Lovren. Rigi making the run. Might still be able to get there. Keane ducked his head in. Fantastic block from Lothan. That was on target from Coutinho. Heaton might have been struggling, but Lothan did very well to affect the block there. Here's Klein. That's the word. Coutinho. Lovren. Moreno's delivery straight at Lothan. Second one finds Coutinho. Trying to dance his way. For the first time in a while, he's got a good shot. Passed through, passed to Arfield and Boyd. Lothan's ball forward. Moreno. Again, trying to cause problems for Claven, but didn't cause him as many as he did the last time. Would have been punted forward like that. Keane out of the match. Offset by the making room. Goes to the first and seventh. Andre Moreno. Coutinho working it wide for Moreno. Knee in the right place to clear. Coutinho again. Still Liverpool press. Believing they can. Can yet get something positive from this game. Henderson. And Grijic. In generating the power. Digging his foot behind the ball. Couldn't keep the radar accurate. I'll tell you what. The wide area has been a big disappointment for Liverpool. Moreno's come on to replace James Milner at left back. And three or four crosses put in have been all disappointing. I can remember one decent cross all day. That came from Firmino. Right. Whipped. Across that six yard box. No one attacking it. Other than that, the quality from wide areas has been really poor. Well, Sean Dyche has said that the spending won't stop with the arrival of Stephen DeFore. He's hinted the club record might be broken again before the transfer window shuts at the end of the month. But results like this will do wonders for Burnley's ability in the transfer market of being able to attract players. I think also from the players' point of view, the mentality, the confidence to say that you can live at this level. It often takes one result to say, actually, do you know what? We can do this. It's coming early in the season as well. So that bodes well for Sean Dyche and his team. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. It's still London and not perfectly. Henderson. Team York former Reina. Probably on with around five minutes with a plane time left now to at least two goals to turn this into a positive result. . 0. Grich, Firmino, Lothar concedes another corner. Liverpool's 11th corner without reply. Short for Moreno, and again dealt with by Meek. Heaton urges the defenders to push out. Here's Clyne. Well, there was a real fluency about the way that Liverpool have played in the early stages, but they've been finding themselves going down cul-de-sacs increasingly as the game has gone on. Coutinho, Firmino. Coutinho wide for Moreno. Able to keep it in, he wrapped his foot around it well. Harfield acknowledges that it was a poor decision to head the ball there. Out for another Liverpool corner. A seventh of this second half alone. Henderson. Moreno. Clyne. And again, a free kick. And again, a free kick. Moreno. And again, a free kick. In many ways, that sums up Liverpool's afternoon. I was about to say the same thing. Terrific from Burnley, though. Forcing Liverpool back outside the box. No way through. The only real option for Nathaniel Clyne is to shoot from that area. Into three additional minutes. Burnley. Burnley on the verge of their first victory over Liverpool here since 1973. On the day when Kevin Keegan missed the penalty. Last time Burnley beat Liverpool in the league at Anfield in the following season, 74. They've waited a long time for this. And they're moments away now. And a nice moment as well for young Aidan O'Neill, just 18 years of age, who's set to come on for his debut. A day he will never forget. A day that Burnley fans will never forget. And one that Jurgen Klopp certainly won't forget for a while. He's trying. He's trying. He's trying. He's trying to assess where it's gone wrong, despite overwhelming advantage in terms of possession. And in stoppage time, Burnley win their first corner of the day. He has run tirelessly on Rake Wright. And will get a standing ovation now from the Burnley supporters that he's thoroughly merited. But I think he's shown enough today. And even last week as well, to suggest he can do it at this level. Created chances last week against Swansea. He didn't take them, but today he has done. Constant threat. Always looking in behind, using his pace. And direct, powerful running. I think he's had an excellent game. Released by Wolves as a youngster. Starting in non-league football with Hinkley. And now a Premier League goalscorer. And replaced by the young Aussie, O'Neill. For the last few. seconds. Goodmanson the target of the throw. Klein. Taking a real risk. And Mignolet bailed him out off his line quickly enough. Here's Moreno. O'Malley throwing himself into the challenge on Grujic.