even in week two of the season this will be seen as a genuine test of their top four credentials what response will there be to being 2-0 down at half-time to newly promoted Burnley have been only three occasions incidentally in the Premier League history that Liverpool have found themselves two down at the break and come back to win last of those nearly eight years ago when a 2-0 scoreline at half-time became a 3-2 victory away to Manchester City actually in Burnley's last Premier League campaign is one of their Achilles heels being able to hold on to Leeds they will think back to a game against Crystal Palace a couple of years ago and they were 2-0 up and lost his Sturridge angle too tight for him with no support at the far post you can see the ball is coming in from the left wing and it's a little bit of a ball is coming in from the left wing and it's a little bit of a poor clearance from Burnley wind causing them all sorts of troubles in that back line so is the beneficiary couldn't hit the target and he's right foot well in the old days possession was seen as being nine-tenths of the result 78% possession for Liverpool up to this point and they find themselves two goals a dream Tim Ankhe yet again downright great well as it turns out that's good luck Luke Nick vaak you would have expected him to be able to put away. The fact that he's off and running and has done so in such good style will clearly be a massive fillip for him. He's a player that's going to be very difficult to defend against. He's always on the shoulder, always looking to get in behind. He will create chances for himself. It's just a matter of how many he's going to take this year for Burnley. I said earlier that for them to stay up, they're going to need him to fire. He's had a good day today. Milner. That's one of the problems. James Milner playing at left back. Very much right foot. He wants to come back on his right foot all the time. Saw that a lot in the first half. When he got into crossing positions, kept coming back onto his right side. It means he has to go backwards and sideways all the time. Well, that is one aspect of Moreno's game that is seldom faulted. Supplying genuine width down that left-hand side. An ultra-attacking full-back. And his performance came under fire at Arsenal last week. Jurgen Klopp was quick to defend his man, saying that he couldn't really understand what all the fuss had been about. He's the only specialised fit left-back at the club. Liverpool have been linked with moves for both Jonas Hector and Ben Chilwell this summer. He was quick to defend him, but he did leave him out today. He had that decision to make, didn't he, about who was going to play at left-back. Milner fit again. Got the nod ahead of him. The referee obliged to stop play there because of the potential of it being a serious head injury for Andre Gray. Play restarts with the uncontested drop ball. It's van Aelden. Klavan put under pressure. And it was telling pressure from Mane. Henderson. Almost hold. Klavan short there. And a four. Adding to the press. And now Liverpool can play their way out. Apparently they've done that very well this afternoon. Miss Sturridge. Klein making his way forward. Last touch came off Mee. It's a Liverpool throw. Henderson put under pressure. She sees a shot risk. She says it should be out now. It's in! Learning what the ball is into. Everton andんだ Larn and ada. Henderson. Henderson gets their free kick. Henderson kicked in again. Henderson has attacked the gutter. Yixtich passing back to Khan. Sa itu ilegale. Roland de Lenay-Vic tastes wonderful guys. izenmonteen Henderson scores a strip toience. Henderson scores a strip toience. And Liverpool players cutting inside to try and work the angle. And when the shot does come in, it's straight at Heaton. Coutinho again trying his luck from distance. Tell you what though, you go through all the Liverpool shots and where have they come from? Pretty much all of them outside the box. Burnley will be happy with that. I know they've got quality players who can score from that sort of distance. Coutinho being one of them. The majority of Liverpool shots have come from outside the box. And Burnley will be happy about that. Do you think Liverpool should be doing more of it than not? How do they remedy that situation? How can they make these frequent attempts become better attempts? It's difficult because there's not a lot of space in behind. Burnley have done a really good job of condensing the game and not leaving a lot of space for runners in behind. It's a little bit of magic. I think one or two... You've got to see one or two players take the opportunity to take someone on. Now Gray trying to use his pace to get in. Snuck round the back of Clavin. Couldn't bring the ball under control. That threat of the long ball and the pace of Gray is omnipresent. Firmino. Better attempt. And forces Heaton into his first really difficult save of the afternoon. Still one you'd expect him to make. And another shot from outside the box. It's a long way out and a decent effort. Good save, Tom Heaton. Corner taken short and quickly again by Liverpool. In from Henderson. The initial header missed by May. And then De Vore slams it away. The pattern's not changed, has it? Liverpool enjoying all the ball. Keane's defensive header. plein. The half-time time Farm you over there Roth . We're up 19 points down. Doc 생 do for the have the same half time. RC. Jamie Aku will come again to fine. Altman. At the pressurebr matière from Liverpoolis like against up on the picks. Sald. falling for Lallana back to him from Firmino so many Burnley bodies back danger of a nick inside their own net there as me just withdrew from trying to attack the cross looks like that had gone out of play for a throw but play goes on it could be controversial if anything comes from this in from Milner back down from Firmino and Scourge on the turn can only find the crowd the booze and whistles for the officials Burnley fans thought that should have been a throw along with you first things think that's over the line that's a throw to Burnley it wasn't given we'll have another look I think that's out definitely out Sean Dyche was going man on the touchline at the decision got away with it you are the man you are the man you are the man you are the man you are the man is that a very positive thought about the game today that is absolutely fantastic great incredible and I think the best we have Liverpool could improve I think wide areas is something that again they can do better we saw a ball in from Firmino not long ago where he whipped it across the six yard box a brilliant ball in no one attack in it it's the best we've seen in a wide area the best cross we've seen from Liverpool that's a Liverpool free kick for offside one area that will have been highlighted against teams that ended up in the bottom ten and lost three of those games on the road. Been at Swansea when it was a much changed side in the thick of the Europa League campaign. And also at Watford and Newcastle. Find themselves 2-0 down away from home at a newly promoted club. But still with all the play concentrated around that penalty area. Folks to Arfield. Just happy to dig it clear. And that's the word for Burnley as well. Concentrate. Because they are coming under an awful lot of pressure. First half, they kept the shape really well. It's been the same story in the second. Happy to sit deep and invite the pressure from Liverpool. But concentrate, don't switch off. This was the period of the game last weekend where Liverpool were the first to win the game. Where Liverpool were so deadly. Sense that they're getting closer. Van Aalden. Now Klein. Tinho. Sturridge. Henderson back for Klein. There's no foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. Tinho. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. Tinho. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It's a foul on Ward. It will be a Liverpool throw to restart play but only after a Burnley change. And the club record signing makes way. Stephen De Boer. Player once on Sir Alex Ferguson's radar. A man who's brought international pedigree to the Burnley midfield and he's shown up well on his debut. Not used necessarily to the pace of the Premier League but there have been some lovely touches from him. Yeah, and of course he was instrumental. and that second goal broke up play, drove forward and created the opportunity for Andre Gray to double Burnley's lead. I think he's had a good debut for Burnley today. Worked hard, showed some good touches. I think Sean Dyche probably would have liked to have kept him on a little bit longer really because he and Mane have done a good job of stifling Liverpool in that central area. That's another relatively recent signing, Johan Goodmanson, who's come on to replace him. Relegated last season from the Championship but now in the Premier League. His debut as a substitute for the last quarter of an hour against Swansea gets a little bit longer today. Lallana wins the corner off me. Liverpool have certainly had the monopoly in that commodity. Henderson across the taking. Five Liverpool players to attack this inside the penalty area, including Klavan who's the closest. Coutinho! Hasn't been his day in front of goal. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. I'm sure how many times he's hit the target. He's had about five or six attempts now from outside the box. Not troubled Tom Heaton once, I don't think. Interesting to see that Arfield has gone inside alongside Dean Mane from the left-hand side and Goodmanson out in front of Stephen Ward on this left-hand side. Not his customary position. Generally, plays on the right-hand side. Mane. Now Boyd. Another player that we've mainly seen in a defensive capacity today, George Boyd. Cl Шапин. Fast motion. Lallana looking for Sturridge. Well read by Ward. Goodmanson had to react quickly to the ball that was under hit. Firmino. Henderson other than gray every Burnley player is back behind the ball Henderson dropping deep and splitting the two centre-halves here for Liverpool for me no Lallana And the build-up is patient But only tending to defend within the width of their own penalty area Coming across and bending across there Burnley happy to congest that central area as much as they can a little pull unable to it's what has been saying supply the width To negate that tactic his Milner Van Alden Storage making his run almost got there ahead of me. It's a goal kick and it's a goal Once again with James Milner Cut inside right foot quite predictable from Bernie's point of view as soon as he goes back onto his right foot You know, you can squeeze the penalty area Amino's getting frustrated as well from the Liverpool keeps coming deep trying to get the ball trying to get involved He's not seen as much of it as he would have liked to have done today Emory Chan in the foreground there of the Liverpool substitutes and bird a moraine Oh there as well principal attacking option on the bench is that diva Karigi Here comes local for Burnley Might have been a shot having seen me lay off his life They would surprise me to see Moreno come on I know you got his criticism for his defending last week But in terms of attacking from that position and the amount of people that Liverpool have got today I only have Hardly been in little pools half in this this second period Will be a decent change for Jurgen Klopp tonight a Reggie as well is someone that Been impressed with every time I've seen him play For me no force to give up Have to Never Have a neden If they've got a different match Better Parents That should Hello Hello another block by Dean Marnick he's been everywhere today praised De Vore and said he's been all action and been everywhere but his midfield partner Dean Marnick has been excellent as well third Liverpool corner of the second half Heaton came a long way to meet it and was beaten by the flight There will be a brief break in play Marnick picks up a knock inside the penalty area his players attack that he's OK, he's back on his feet Lallana's corner towards the edge of the penalty area was well read by Arfield now Gray Arfield there ahead of Henderson Goodmanson Vokes trying to work a shooting position Liverpool that time had enough bodies back quickly enough to be able to negate any thought of a counter-attack but still the threat is there Burnley picking their moment to to win the game and push the bodies forward doing it very frequently at all but when they do they look dangerous quick to get back into those two banks of four though aren't they Burnley Coutinho in from Milner and away by Keane Burnley have defended steadfastly but the quality of delivery has often been poor from Liverpool who will now make their first change and it's Daniel Sturridge who will be replaced and Divock Origi is going to come on five goals in his last seven games and 27 from Divock Origi only made seven Premier League starts last season hasn't been able to force his way into the starting lineup so far this four forwards have been used from the start in the couple of games by Jurgen Klopp but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them but Origi not one of them what an immense future he has Origi's first touch Origi's first touch Origi's first touch Lovren Coutinho Coutinho already had half a dozen attempts already had half a dozen attempts in this game in this game only one of which has been on target Goodman said Goodman said No No But But But Goodman said efforts Goodman said were more key than just one set No foul. It's a Liverpool throw. They have habitually been quick out of the blocks in recent seasons. If they were to win this today, it would be the third time in four years they've taken six points from six at the beginning of a campaign. Some turnaround from here if they can do it. Gray. Has that predatory instinct around the edge of the penalty area. Goal scorer's instinct. Always looking to get his shots away. Good play by Mourinho. On the right side. As he gets it, opens up again on his left. Can't hit the target, but... He wants to shoot. 23 goals from last season. And the number of assists as well. That incidentally, the... first attempt that Burnley have had, but hasn't gone in. And he's got a free kick. And he's got a free kick. And he's got a free kick. Free kick given away by Arfield. Here's Lallana. Now Klein. Rolling away from Firmino. Cut out initially by Ward. Goodmanson trying to release Graves onside, but Mignolet read the script early enough. Ball got away from Firmino. And he's had a pretty poor afternoon as well from Liverpool's point of view. I think too many individuals have disappointed today. Yes, they've had lots of the ball. Last week we saw them attacking-wise. So exhilarating to watch. Today they've been frustrated because they've come up against really organised defence. People who are willing to close them down, put pressure on them, be organised, be defensive, be tight. They found that difficult to break down. Goal scorer's instinct. Goal scorer's instinct. Boyd will chase p Lancurch studies Three quarters of the game have now had 80% possession. and suddenly, ακیач مراگینی Cóçëo�orden But for that 80% possession And for that 80% possession in order to return the game from the full-arameter mode, possession they've had only a handful of shots on target which is a more telling statistic in fact in this second half Liverpool's possession is around the 85 percent mark but two nil to Burnley is the most important statistic of the lot ball too high for a reggae no time to say that today all too high now the crosses have been cut out at the near post quality in the final third has been lacking there's an intriguing contest on the cards midweek in the league cup for Burnley one of the country's lesser spotted local derbies as they make the short trip to Accrington just seven miles down the road it's the first time they've played in the league cup for Burnley in a competitive fixture in the town since the 19th century Burnley have held the local bragging rights for the small match of 123 years Accrington have even folded and come back since then Liverpool meanwhile in action against championship side Burton Albion foul on Firmino Henderson Clavin Miller again coming inside onto his right foot and once more good Dooley Travis Co panel jesteśmy uh to that's enough I'm sorry Lincoln anything he will not back out Dalton up even if you're trying vant defusing the u just get some fresh legs on to help his team has been a back-to-the-wall effort today Boyd finding space for Gray to run into Clavin drawn out from the middle out of the full-back position and Burnley could have made the most of that and Liverpool will be able to bring it away it's Coutinho skipping away from the challenge from Lothan before Boyd brought him down I think that's those sort of situations where Liverpool need to make the most of where Burnley have committed bodies forward they've lost it on the edge of Liverpool's box can they break quickly can they then find that quality passing to the front man and do things sharper teased in by Firmino Mee able to get the ball in the middle of the box to volley the ball away and Gray is very cleverly rolled Clavin and he's got the pace here Andre Gray Lovren between him and goal and eventually as he brought the ball back inside there were three Liverpool players blocking his path inside the penalty area and the chance had quickly gone that possibly the kind of opportunity that he might have taken in the championship last year that's the difference between the two divisions centre-half might not have got back as quickly as well I thought Lovren did a good job actually in getting back into position but he's always a threat for all the work they've done defensively Burnley they do carry that threat with Andre Gray here's Mane almost oblivious of the speed of which the Liverpool players were closing him down there Ward and now they're fighting Lallana fouled by Scott Arfield in the midfield now the referees whistle had gone although Liverpool would have gained an advantage had the ball been allowed to continue we're obliged to come back and take the free kick away Milner held up well there by Lowton Boyd doubling up on him as well Goodmanson unable to get the ball away from Klein though and back it will come again with Liverpool still senting a potential way back into this game Liverpool still sending a potential way back into this game one down one down Murray and he taller complain over Gerrard Who Guernsey Birdie win visit in the second week of September you thought that that was no bad thing necessarily with Liverpool's impressive away record last season all of a sudden the pressure would be on them next week if they end up going to North London on the back of a defeat here today some come back now if they don't sorry that isn't it a Regi going to that central strikers role Camino that's the right-hand side stories would have loved to have started in that position frustrated out the right-hand side of the felt folks back to make life difficult for Henderson and succeeding as well and a foul on boys that's it and there's a man who will feel that he has something to prove he said that he doesn't listen to criticism of his individual performances but you're much welcome to extremely be taking energy out of your stand for being the number one team to play and to move Shanghai pull through itself in today's game as well but I know we won't get to do it today and I'm kinda empty chịch is here he would have been made aware sure he's his own biggest critic anyway he might feel that he is the man who might be able to make a difference here from an attacking perspective with 15 minutes to go Alberto Moreno will be on and Grujic will be coming on for Liverpool as well here's Milner all beating Keane but not his centre-half partner Mee no foul on Henderson Klavan back for Milner Coutinho Burley again denying him any space with which to work here's Van Alden Origi made an excellent run there on the back of Michael Keane no service forthcoming now to be worked wide by Klavan to Milner Origi coasting in towards the near post Boyd made sure the ball didn't get inside the penalty area and Liverpool increasingly frustrated and Milner and Lallana are the players being withdrawn here so Moreno will come on it left back as expected and Grujic will come on into Lallana's attention here. Lallana's attacking midfield role Grujic's scored against Barcelona in preseason as well as in a couple of games against that lower division opposition in form of Fleetwood and Huddersfield a wonderfully taken goal against Barcelona, FAPO's looping header from a long way out has that little bit of guile that Liverpool has to deal with? that Liverpool need here Moreno was vocally backed by Jurgen Klopp having been left out for today's game he will feel that he has something to prove that he might owe his teammates here albeit of course that was a good goal by Liverpool but it was a good one by Liverpool. but it was a good one by Liverpool. those mistakes he made last week were still in a winning course here's Lovren Coutinho backpedalling Moreno is in close attendance if he needs him here's Grujic kept his feet good save from Heaton one that he would have expected to stop but it came at him quickly good feet by Grujic on the edge of the box good first touch back on his left and he gets the shots away just say straight the goalkeeper one that he would have expected to make did it comfortably Coutinho Moreno straight at Boyd had nothing in the way of support did well to and a good ball by Coutinho by this time to allow Lothian to make a passing Avenue for him now Arfield works it forward here's Goodmanson nutmegging Claven and still going hoisted high by Ward this test of Moreno's defensive capabilities no handball as Lothian tries to find the way through and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho and now Burnley have lost him to a goal by Coutinho Liverpool bring it forward quickly Origi try to bamboozle Keane again the Burnley center halves stuck to their job magnificently absolutely terrific defending again by Michael Keane he and Burnley have been superb but that was one of the few occasions where Liverpool made the most when Burnley attacked committed bodies forward eventually Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Origi looked one on one with Michael Keane but defended him well enough again by Coutinho Coutinho for Origi blocked by Boyd Keane taking the defensive responsibility to clear and Gray as always is the outlet now he has Vokes in support Claven just leaning in front of Sam Vokes winning possession back no foul Sean Dyche was furious but saw him do that a few times saw him do that a few times Firmino he can't make full stretch and the ball again missing the target happy days for Burnley Firmino shoots him from 30 yards they're all in the Lancashire league will it be a win double for Burnley today certainly the footballers are doing their bit be the footballers are doing their bit mine my car mine my car is it yours the one that has got a big hole in the windscreen by the way has got a big hole in the windscreen by the way well two players have already broken their Premier League gold up today will Lukas Jokovic be able to make it a third Sam Vokes, one of those, got Burnley off to the perfect start 98 seconds on the clock when he scored the goal and this is the moment that gave Burnley the advantage and the self-belief and something tangible to hang on to, they've hung on to it brilliantly they have been hanging on at times but Vokes breaking the deadlock with his first goal since he netted four Wales against Belgium in the European Championship quarter-finals Lukas Jukovic on to replace him his instructions will be clear just get yourself behind the ball and do a good job defensively for us throughout the game it's been more of a 4-4-1-1 hasn't it Andre Gray's been the one that's really challenged Liverpool in behind and Vokes has tried to drop into midfield and get around Henderson Jukovic is going to have to do that same job to dry his system out and this has to happen he beats forme he gets it in and lactates however that's a two-way ticket back at maths andzung a rightly well playedenders a little bottom-ünü súple Well, the jury will be out on Liverpool's performances after two very different games to start the season. How would you assess them and what would constitute a successful season for them from what you've seen both today and last week? Well, the target, I think, would be Champions League football for Liverpool. To finish in the top four, I think, is what Jurgen Klopp would be aiming for. I've seen enough of them, I think, going forward to suggest that they'll score plenty of goals. Defensively, they're going to concede, though. Two games in almost and they've conceded five goals already. And that's going to be a problem for them, I think, throughout the course of this season. They found it difficult today against a team that's been disciplined and organised and not been too open, whereas last week it was very different against a side that tried to attack them and left spaces. Liverpool explored that brilliantly. But against a team that's been disciplined and organised, they found it difficult to play. Straight down. Well, they're finishing the Champions League positions only once in the last seven seasons. That, of course, three years ago when they didn't have European football to contend with. And it is the same this time round, too. Would have been great to have been able to christen the new standard Anfield with nights like the Dortmund match back in spring, but could well be the potential of a silver lining in terms of this league campaign. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. It's been one of those days for Liverpool in the final third going forward. Moreno. Flip forward for Coutinho. Defending again by Keane, who just dropped out into that wide position. Moreno. Lovren. Rigi making the run. Might still be able to get there. Keane ducked his head in. Fantastic block from Lothan. That was on target from Coutinho. Heaton might have been struggling, but Lothan did very well to affect the block there. Here's Klein. That's the word. Coutinho. Lovren. Moreno's delivery straight at Lothan. Second one finds Coutinho. Trying to dance his way. For the first time in a while, he's got a good shot. Passed through, passed to Arfield and Boyd. Lothan's ball forward. Moreno. Again, trying to cause problems for Claven, but didn't cause him as many as he did the last time. Would have been punted forward like that. Keane out of the match. Offset by the making room. Goes to the first and seventh. Andre Moreno. Coutinho working it wide for Moreno. Knee in the right place to clear. Coutinho again. Still Liverpool press. Believing they can. Can yet get something positive from this game. Henderson. And Grijic. In generating the power. Digging his foot behind the ball. Couldn't keep the radar accurate. I'll tell you what. The wide area has been a big disappointment for Liverpool. Moreno's come on to replace James Milner at left back. And three or four crosses put in have been all disappointing. I can remember one decent cross all day. That came from Firmino. Right. Whipped. Across that six yard box. No one attacking it. Other than that, the quality from wide areas has been really poor. Well, Sean Dyche has said that the spending won't stop with the arrival of Stephen DeFore. He's hinted the club record might be broken again before the transfer window shuts at the end of the month. But results like this will do wonders for Burnley's ability in the transfer market of being able to attract players. I think also from the players' point of view, the mentality, the confidence to say that you can live at this level. It often takes one result to say, actually, do you know what? We can do this. It's coming early in the season as well. So that bodes well for Sean Dyche and his team. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. It's still London and not perfectly. Henderson. Team York former Reina. Probably on with around five minutes with a plane time left now to at least two goals to turn this into a positive result. . 0. Grich, Firmino, Lothar concedes another corner. Liverpool's 11th corner without reply. Short for Moreno, and again dealt with by Meek. Heaton urges the defenders to push out. Here's Clyne. Well, there was a real fluency about the way that Liverpool have played in the early stages, but they've been finding themselves going down cul-de-sacs increasingly as the game has gone on. Coutinho, Firmino. Coutinho wide for Moreno. Able to keep it in, he wrapped his foot around it well. Harfield acknowledges that it was a poor decision to head the ball there. Out for another Liverpool corner. A seventh of this second half alone. Henderson. Moreno. Clyne. And again, a free kick. And again, a free kick. Moreno. And again, a free kick. In many ways, that sums up Liverpool's afternoon. I was about to say the same thing. Terrific from Burnley, though. Forcing Liverpool back outside the box. No way through. The only real option for Nathaniel Clyne is to shoot from that area. Into three additional minutes. Burnley. Burnley on the verge of their first victory over Liverpool here since 1973. On the day when Kevin Keegan missed the penalty. Last time Burnley beat Liverpool in the league at Anfield in the following season, 74. They've waited a long time for this. And they're moments away now. And a nice moment as well for young Aidan O'Neill, just 18 years of age, who's set to come on for his debut. A day he will never forget. A day that Burnley fans will never forget. And one that Jurgen Klopp certainly won't forget for a while. He's trying. He's trying. He's trying. He's trying to assess where it's gone wrong, despite overwhelming advantage in terms of possession. And in stoppage time, Burnley win their first corner of the day. He has run tirelessly on Rake Wright. And will get a standing ovation now from the Burnley supporters that he's thoroughly merited. But I think he's shown enough today. And even last week as well, to suggest he can do it at this level. Created chances last week against Swansea. He didn't take them, but today he has done. Constant threat. Always looking in behind, using his pace. And direct, powerful running. I think he's had an excellent game. Released by Wolves as a youngster. Starting in non-league football with Hinkley. And now a Premier League goalscorer. And replaced by the young Aussie, O'Neill. For the last few. seconds. Goodmanson the target of the throw. Klein. Taking a real risk. And Mignolet bailed him out off his line quickly enough. Here's Moreno. O'Malley throwing himself into the challenge on Grujic. they were still hanging on just a week into the season we've already seen the best and worst of Liverpool formidable pouring forward porous at the back the game of the Emirates underlined why the Reds could be right up there at the end of the season and also what will have gone wrong if they're not certainly a different type of test today against the club who pride themselves on their defensive inscrutability trying to be taken by Burnley's birthday boy Stephen Ward who turns 31 today Van Alden driving it forward it was me that did the covering and Mane who did the rest for Burnley it's one of the changes that Burnley have made from the last Premier League campaign with Ben Mee playing at centre-half these days instead of at left-back Van Alden Sturridge there has started only a quarter of Liverpool's Premier League games over the last two seasons but back to fitness and back in the side today a struggle always feel there's something to prove when the side scores four in your absence interesting as well to see him out on that right-hand side would prefer to be the central striker Firmino has been given that role today Coutinho and Sturridge will try and join him but he's currently stationed out the right-hand side of Liverpool Clavin who has plenty of Bundesliga experience and once won the Dutch title as well but it's been sloppy at the back giving away to grey votes on the turn perfect start for Burnley but if there were question marks about Liverpool's defensive performance latterly at Arsenal last week those same frailties have been exposed different personnel same problems Burnley won Liverpool nil just the start the home side would have wanted it's a mistake it's a gift poor pass inside Andre Gray quick to react he picks the ball that looks forward finds his strike partner Sam Boat and it's a terrific finish plenty of power on it past Mignolet and what a start for Burnley just one minute and 38 seconds into the game Sam Boat's off and running for the season there is the man playing at left back in Moreno's absence today Milner first free kick of the game goes Liverpool's way what a start though for Burnley unable to score last week against Swansea it is an area of their team that was so effective in the championship game and it's a great game for them to be able to play against Swansea today Ball balls come in to sacred with the long pass it's not the same as what it used to be that happens always You recall how dirty backhand had like a garage it opens up during the rotation that was the pitch optimizing Caesars like that for international teams but the how lovely that was the backhand of Wijnaldum so good system not only was he there using a clean Which is usually when the players too rush in just had to beware that that could happen and you've gotta wear with the way they all might be able to come at a dream and you've got to get tight, you've got to get tight to Sam Vokes he's in so much space on the edge of the box he's able to turn and get his shot away and now the pace of Gray might cause problems Lovren coming across the cover and it was an impeccably timed challenge it had to be as well Andre Gray, pace to burnt got in behind that Liverpool defence but Lovren, an excellent covering tackle it's been a tough watch for Jurgen Klopp so far resting on his laurels after the win at Arsenal he described the performance as quote, good enough for the first game he thought that they could have done better one thing you can guarantee is that they do have the ammunition going forward probably no matter how many they can see the goal behind last week as well and responded actually were slow getting going last week this is Andre Gray probably in an offside position actually when that ball was played over the top but Lovren did brilliantly to get back and make the tackle Mane back for Tom Heaton who once faced Liverpool in a League Cup final when he was the kind of city goalkeeper another long ball forward but the flag is up this time Robotnik team againstudent but one of the classes at thisём winning over half facilitated by Andre Gray will lead the favour cafeter at Montpellier he's another big centre fielder given away by Firmino this time time seized upon by Boyd great taking on Klavan a goal kick is the verdict linesman saying that it came off the foot of grey on its way out I'd say it was either a free kick or actually burn these ball is worn now he's lost it right turnover of possession in that Burnley half and quickly got it back grey instinctively knowing which run Boyd was gonna make but he's too wide men Boyd will be the one who will be more inclined to come inside I'll be more inclined to come inside but I feel tends to hold the width on the left flank Firmino van Alden storage making the run near life to the danger no significant appeals from the Liverpool players there that the ball it hit his arm Klein invited forward by Liverpool, here's Sturridge and the deflection gives Liverpool their first corner it's better from Liverpool Lallana clapping his team mates, Daniel Sturridge when he picks the ball up in that position he's always thinking can he get his shot away Coutinho for Milner Lallana did well to dig it out from underneath his feet back from Klein, well taken by Lallana again this time the referee did acknowledge a foul and has played the advantage Liverpool's way Coutinho, just asked too much of Roberto Firmino the first time we've seen Steven Defoe really in action and it was an important blocker and it was a block on the edge of the box it's going to be key isn't it for Burnley this season new signing from Anderlecht cheering cheers Henderson beautifully taken by the four Sturridge did very well to extricate himself from a difficult position there and find Klein, now Lallana Mee stands firm again and now we're through for Arfield oh full Firmino's ball Lallana by Clavan on Gray well decidedly speculative from Coutinho bearing in mind the quality of the free kick that he scored last week you can understand why he was prepared to have a go well and the quality that he showed in pre-match as well went through a series of shooting drills and I didn't see him miss but taking that chance on and way over the crossbar just looking at Liverpool now I think they can get out on the left-hand side with James Milner he talked about George Boyd tucking in he does that an awful lot so the out ball for them is James Milner at left back only once in the last eight years have Burnley lost their opening two games of the season that was a couple of years ago in the last Premier League season when like this year they had a one-nil defeat to Swansea they also lost here to Chelsea a foul by Mane on Milner will give Liverpool the free kick plenty of bite in that Burnley midfield though talked about Defoe putting his foot in closing down making tackles Dean Mane alongside him does exactly that as well Milner the man given the nod ahead of Alberto Moreno to play at left back today a largely unaccustomed role for him but he did play there in the pre-season games with Milan and Barcelona also in a Europa League match at Manchester United last season very difficult ball for Sturridge there trying to play Firmino in over the top there's not a lot of space it has to be absolutely perfect difficult conditions as well very windy here at Turf Moor wind has abated somewhat from how it was earlier this afternoon generally then it was blowing from the far side of the pitch as we look at it in towards this near touch line Mane rifling back towards Ward after the whistle had gone it's a free kick for a foul on Sturridge Firmino for Milner Firmino Coutinho looking for that top right hand corner again he's getting closer that was a bit nearer he can't afford to give him too much time on the edge of the box he's always likely to produce some magic curling effort just there now curling effort just wide this time he's had a couple of sighters now he'll get closer to him not allow him to get his head up two goals at Arsenal last weekend seven in his last 14 games and tends to score more goals away from home than he does at Anfield as well it's going to be a good battle that between Vox and Klarman it appeared to be a little bit of holding going on from the Estonian here's Milner Coutinho van Aalden letting it run for Firmino and sent it straight to Aarfield it's an optimistic ball hoping for the pace of Andre Gray Henderson finding van Aalden the way Burnley are set up two banks of four very tight very narrow Liverpool can switch the ball very quickly and they've got the two full backs Klein and Milner both happy to bomb forward and available all the time well read by Boyd there ahead of Milner Henderson shuffled across into that left back area and Boyd ended up stumbling the free kick has gone Liverpool's way handball he actually didn't have any options he picked the ball up he did brilliantly got past Milner he's looking up and Andre Gray didn't really make a move for him so much of Liverpool's attacking play easy on the eye the link-ups between all the combinations of players so well drilled Coutinho reverse ball in towards Lallana two in a more central position it's Firmino that made the run across the near post there's another corner well it is so difficult because it's not like they're set and rigid Liverpool in those positions we've seen Sturridge come in the middle out on the left hand side Firmino dropping deep it's very difficult only takes one to switch off and it's a very difficult thing to do and the ball is in the middle of the right wing and it's a very difficult thing to do and it's a very difficult thing to do and it's a very difficult thing to do Milner with the throw here's Lallana have Milner outside it and it's going to come off Gray and Lallana couldn't keep it in goal kick well it was a great start for Burnley getting that goal but since the goal they've been penned back just seeing Andre Gray in a really defensive position having to make that tackle inside his own box Vokes was just on the edge of the box as well so there's no out ball well the foundation behind Burnley's success here last season was a superb defensive record the goal that they conceded at Leroy Fair last weekend actually only the fourth they've shipped at home since early December actually only the fourth they've shipped at home since early December Liverpool's performance last week did suggest that defensive prowess will come under scrutiny this afternoon but these opening exchanges Burnley have more than held their own Clyne making his way forward again be a good test of the defensive abilities of Arfield today Dortmund's side of the pitch er' Ron Vos He's bowled a good ball you saw 2017 M latte I want to play my own Christmas I undoubtedly want to play my own Christmas chance here against Clyde not quite enough of the chances it turned out release the pressure it gets them up the pitch that's important particularly when they've 10 minutes where they've had to do a lot of defending a lot of work gone into it just relieves a bit of that pressure is money now I'm certainly caught the breeze loads and having to make sure that it was a measured ball back for Tom Heaton Liverpool with the fast-paced majority of possession three quarters of the ball in these early exchanges it's Burnley with the advantage another nervy touch there from Lovren had Sam Vokes eyes lighting up for a moment Burnley playing Liverpool at their own game with the Gagan press Loughton's ball in not the worst in the world on this breeze invited Mignolet off his line but he was justified in coming that far out to get there ahead of our field Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge remarkably last weekend's defeat to Swansea was Burnley's first league loss of 2016 it ended her on a 23 unbeaten matches that had underpinned their promotion campaign and they've had to try and bounce back from adversity too often in the recent past but they've made a very good fist of doing exactly that in the early stages here full of character mirrors the manager really Sean Dyche and a terrific job bouncing back at the first opportunity into the Premier League again they work incredibly hard and and at home the first before university its fair said for gave that was on offer for that pass he played a brilliant side of the Inhale had passes at front diff seems it close you might not recall the Sun attack Sturridge and the snag that he says that's a kick off time Klein Coutinho Sturridge making his run forward a very audible shout even from here from Tom Heaton with goalkeeping. Llewellyn lost the ball just struggling to find that that final pass at the moment it is so tight and congested Burnley said I think the important thing for them today was keeping their shape they've done that well so far in this game not a lot of space in behind and they're struggling to find that killer pass England's assistant manager Sammy Lee here today busman's holiday for Sammy obviously is a former Liverpool player he will have relished being given this particular assignment number of players for him to focus on including this man Nathaniel Klein and this man Daniel Sturridge and this one Jordan Henderson not this one anymore though James Milner who announces international retirement after the European Championships Coutinho Klein Lallana well you can see what he was trying to do but he couldn't keep his feet he presented the ball straight to Boyd folks looking for the ball for Gray Klein and he's got it in the air he's playing play this back Sturridge Sturridge Sturridge well that's next door that's Burnley Cricket Club where England fast bowling legend Jimmy Anderson played all his cricket in his formative years not able to play there today because of the weather Sturridge good job Michael again it was what he called the semi-finalIX from England in that game IC legal Jon Coburn yesterday playing against a doucetout impeachment kind of abundantly Cal and Post- Although my occasion to that was Burnley defence but it is Keenan me these days Michael Keenan incidentally who's good form saw him the subject of a 12 million pound bid from Leicester in the transfer window well by by the final them his client the persistence from client Milner making his way forward as the Liverpool full-backs love to do the Lana on the turn did well to get the shot in but just couldn't get the power he needed patient build-up from Liverpool keeping the ball Coutinho I think it's getting too much space again and pick the ball up no one within 10 yards of him most difficult with Liverpool's movement but burners get tight to everybody Coutinho particularly such a special player one back by the four in the midfield Mane for Boyd Lothan and now space space and now space and now space and now space and now space and now space in behind Matt Lothan space has been capitalized on with the ball for for storage from Coutinho over here so clever from Coutinho though he saw local bombing forward to try and join in with boy automatically went into the space that he vacated you you you you you you and the passerцы our you can see the beauty in it was header away finding great out supplying the whip this time is our field the Canadian international before Mane. Unable to find Lothian. Another opportunity for Burnley to try and work. Simon Mignolet goes west. They've only had the one attempt so far. Second-minute goal from Sam Vokes. Liverpool with six attempts, but haven't looked likely to find a way through so far. I think Burnley have to get that first ball up to Vokes, up to Gray, better. They have to try and build and try and get the midfield able to join. They're so deep. First ball up to Vokes or Gray. It's a long way for the midfield to come and join, but it's got to stick, and the ball has to be better into those front two. Another example of Burnley's excellent work rate putting the pressure on the Liverpool back line and... Van Ouden, the more defensive-minded midfielder in that move. Liverpool can play their way out from the back this time, though. Will Burnley sit back until Liverpool give you a chance? Mignolet played a short ball into Henderson, and ultimately they think then, well, we can go and press and go and win the ball back higher up the pitch. Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! And Mille has kept that in. Lallana. Coutinho. Keane covers, but it's another Liverpool corner. Wide areas, I think, are key for Liverpool. Trying to double up on the full-backs. Next one defending again by Keane from Burnley. Get up! A space for Lallana whose first touch wasn't the best, his second one wasn't bad at all. In the end he deflected up off Ward and looped invitingly towards his goalkeeper. Well Burnley unable to really deal with the short corner and the amount of space that Lallana found himself in inside the penalty area will have been a grave concern for Sean Dyche. Well the first anniversary of Jurgen Klopp taking charge isn't too far away but this season is the first time there's a feeling that this really is his team out there. He's signed six players over the summer, he's been able to balance the books as well thanks to this morning's sale of Christian Benteke to Crystal Palace. I only thought they were in a promising position there, the referee's whistle has gone and Lee Mason has... given a free kick and a foul on Wijnaldum. Well he lunges in on Wijnaldum, the first touch was from Boyd and the second one is from Mane. It's a strong challenge, he does win the ball but the studs are showing. Lee Mason quick to give the decision. Klavan. Milner scooping it forward but a keen red, what might have been an awkward bounce. George Boyd is making the 450th appearance of his career today. He's really added a defensive nous on the right-hand side of Burnley's midfield. Klaven. And this is the first time he's scored anything at the Reds. A great start for the Reds. And now it's a great start for the Reds. But Burnley might never have beaten Liverpool in the Premier League, they can draw on experience of those who have. Boyd, one of them, Lothan, Ward and Keitly have all been on the winning side against the Reds in the past. In fact, Stephen Ward once scored the winner at Anfield when he was a Wolves player. Burnley's first ever Premier League goal against Liverpool, and it's the difference between the two sides at the moment. Come on. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. Klaven resisting the temptation to go back to his goalkeeper there. What a good play out from the back after Sturridge and Mignolet both kept their heads. What a save by Sturridge. What a save by Sturridge. lifts off Sturridge, Sleep encountered Sturridge behind stooz Skylar lived it in. lived it in. Independent opponent for Loughran. for Loughran. becoming an early choice as should be used against Kiev becoming an early choice as should be used against Kiev Klaitte. That's fair. Sturridge. No freeplan. ăn practice look over at Sturridge. hold of it but that's a warning shot across the Burnley bows it's been a criticism of Liverpool so far in this game I say they've just been a bit sluggish in possession need to move it quicker they do that find storage on the edge of the box and again doesn't need a second invitation find the target on this occasion coming off that right-hand side he's always got that shot with his left foot into the corner which he's looking for he scored in the last meeting of the two clubs Daniel Sturridge he scored in the Europa League final as well most recently it's golf scoring record for Liverpool is fantastic 53 goals in 92 games just the fact that successive Liverpool managers haven't always been able to count on his services stopped him becoming an icon at Anfield or more of an icon than he is should I say the four folks dropping deep to try flick it on towards grey hardly one ahead of them as he Sam folks that'll frustrate Sean Dyche when the ball goes up and looking to try and get out they need the big sense of forward to be more of a threat against sowie to my want to negotiate cyanide it's time to real have a break they're ready club lot to have a face-off love it and MEVEMENT tried to bring the ball forward but intercepted by Henderson here's Miller again Coutinho just too far ahead of Van Uylen he's the one again though that keeps getting in space Coutinho into the 32nd minute of the game and applause for Burnley supporter Chris Walker in memory of him Loughlin wins another header against Vokes and the Vokes are doing an awful lot of defensive work he's been asked to get around Jordan Henderson but he has to do more in an attacking sense for Burnley and holding the ball up and winning his headers Henderson Firmino able to turn Coutinho fashioning a pass to the outside of the boot for Milner got the ball in away from Loughton Liverpool winning a lot of the second ball around the edge of the Burnley penalty area at the moment here's Milner again his acquaintance with Loughton twisted past him Loughton unable to prevent the corner that's stopping what might have been a potent cross and then stopping Liverpool taking a quick one as well Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 this time it's Coutinho dropped off towards the edge of the penalty area to try and find space Burnley read their intentions this time and Andre Gray leads the camera attack almost single-handedly Boyd did well to have a little bit of strength in there Liverpool had enough bodies back to win it back he's gonna do it he's gonna do on his own wasn't he no one around him Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Liverpool win 2-0 Taxthat Tape Payne Waugh Pavard Fraser Deloach Coutinho's Crossfield pass Arfield header for Henderson von Alden Arfield header for Henderson von Alden venodeh has to be he's got to be there quicker henderson's picking up all the loose balls because folks is slow to react to get close to him another promising liverpool attack comes to nothing because of the quality of coutinho's pass over here for james milner but they're being able to work that kind of area with increasing regularity now so coutinho is trying to get away from the four was effectively done by the burnley new boy miss folks our field great just trying to let the ball spin down the side of london but he then fouled him and he's got to get back up to the ground and he's got to get back up to the ground it will be interesting to see how andre gray adjust the playing in the premier league every step that he's made so far has been a success and was the championship's leading scorer last season form that he brought with him into burnley's pre-season campaign when he scored in every match nine goals in six games for it very different type of striker to danny ings lalana again unable to get the purchase in the shot but firmly haven't got it back left hand afterhhh but nill einer dabbyinsler Firmino Sturridge one back by Defoe Gray was 20 yards offside at one stage Defoe hasn't needed a play in yet he has now still Andre Gray it's 2-0 classic counter-attacking football from Burnley Liverpool with all the possession but Burnley hit them with a sucker punch and what a contribution from the new boy Stephen Defoe I said at the start of the game Andre Gray is going to be key to Burnley staying up this season and his goals but it came from that new man Stephen Defoe he drove forward he got a bit of fortune waited and waited picked his pass Andre Gray he thought the chance had gone when he cut inside but he cuts onto his left hand foot silent and there was a strike into the bottom corner which Mignolet can't get near from back to front very quickly and having been on the back foot for most of this first half they find themselves two up his first Premier League goal what a memorable one it will prove to be for him Burnley 2 Liverpool 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 26 27 28 29 flying Firmino two important blocks there from Dean Marnie I think the two midfield boys Defoe and Marnie have got through an awful lot of work they've had to as well they need more help from folks I did wonder Sean Dyche picking a 4-4-2 this season again Lallana finding Klein here very safe from Heaton just broke off for that Klein opportunity but picking a 4-4-2 I think in terms of getting overrun in midfield I think that can be a problem sometimes the way that teams play, three in midfield and I think they definitely need more from folks in helping get around Jordan Henderson Henderson stop that Henderson finally found Alder now Milner Liverpool have been able to get into this position лишen on umpteen occasions this is this is where it's time to break down for them Tended to break down for them. Almost came Lallana's way there. Ben Mee was the defender involved. Well, what a difference a week can make. At one stage, they were euphoric last week. Liverpool 4-1 up, away to Arsenal. And now, less than a week later, they find themselves two down, away to Burnley. But they have been the better team for so much of the game. We'll feel that they're not out of this by any stretch of the imagination. It's a different test for them this week, isn't it? Arsenal very open. An attacking team. Burnley organised, disciplined. Two backs and four. Making it difficult to be played through. Liverpool need to be patient. Coutinho working the angle. And again, going for the top right-hand corner. And again, missing it. Three shots he's had now. Almost identical positions. He hasn't threatened Tom Heaton once. But he's going to have to go for the second chance. Annoyed with himself, because it's opened up again for him. Burnley letting him come inside and getting that shot away. Running to double figures in terms of attempts now at Liverpool. But Burnley's two are the ones that are counted. It's always been a case of evolution, rather than revolution here at Burnley, with Shaun Baish keeping faith with the players that won them promotion, opposed to making wholesale changes. One linchpin of the last few years did leave this week with David Jones' move to Sheffield Wednesday. Gray is offside here. Dice was glowing in his tributes to a player who won two promotions. Ultimately, it came down to the length of contract on offer. Burnley unable to match the three-year deal that was on the table from the Owls. So he made the decision for his family to make the move into Yorkshire to sign for Sheffield Wednesday. EVERY begs. This man will make his football debut toay. Dice. Kneeling. 지고ing? Dice watching applause for L...,is DeChurchie Fleming. Klav? James Milner on the Liverpool left. Boyd quick to come across and close him down. Firmino. Henderson. Nicely done for Sturridge. Good feet from Sturridge. Coutinho back towards Sturridge. Peels for hand, ball fall on deaf ears. And it almost then broke to Firmino. It was Keane that was just able to dig it clear in time for Burnley. That was very neatly done by Gray. It certainly doesn't look phased from playing in the Premier League for the first time this season. Must have been some journey for Steven Defoe who turned out a more lucrative, but in his words, less fulfilling move to the UAE in order to try his hand in the Premier League. He's made an impression in this first half. In from Milner towards Sturridge, but there was a push. By Sturridge. And a free kick goes Burnley's way. APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, as we go into the final minutes of the first half, we'll see what happens next. We'll see what happens next. We'll see what happens next. another minutes tribute to a Burnley fan who sadly lost his life this week Neil Kennelly now being remembered by the home support and the club of the year an example illustration of the nature of Burnley and how much of a community club it is