the last four of those, Arsenal yet to win away against the current top eight teams this season they've lost that the last five swimming against the tide of the season I guess our little late on parade surprisingly poor record against the top eight away but I've been coached our stuff on the way they finished that first half son from the right into Kane Ericsson Trippier, Ericsson just finding his time Wanyama ぇ pressure by published from red bust very much back For us all the moment in a long vacation French orange It's difficult changing formation, especially as your manager hasn't used it for 20 years. Not really known for working hard on shape on the training ground. But we understand they have been working hard on the training ground on this shape. Yeah, well, they've got to, haven't they? Of course they have. We can't just send them out. Trippier. He's all doing a bit of pressing as well. Looks like Chamberlain can win it back. There is Ozil. Suddenly Arsenal coming alive. It's Tottenham who are a bit slovenly at the back and it's Sanchez. Weight of numbers prevails to Spurs. A sprint forward with Son. Alli. Davison support. This isn't the best ball to Son, but he's found some quick feet there. Trippier stepping in. Comes for Wangyama to hit it! And it needed touching over by Cech. Yeah, it's decent effort. I think you saw it coming all the way, Petr Cech. So, he was never overly troubled. Tottenham trying to set the pace. Tottenham in this second half. I think the game will open up as the second half progresses and see more and more chances. Son and Arsenal were really static then. And South Korean only hit the side netting. Just a bit slow to get out. 2v1. Look at the way he's wandered off Sanchez there, Son. Man! provider byацион jogos 12 Presidíosira. Try again to do the same... ...the Ramsey. Hello. Moran Adelman, what a serves. Brosnan. No move this fight. Rashfordson shows no composure, not able to get muy GROSBLGA. oughsn't. There it is. Sainz di Flores. Franci. Sainz touchscreened it. Carrick, there it is. There it is. Two Arsenal stars trying to cut Spurs open then. Eriksen. McCain in a race with Monreal, who positioned himself with his experience, cut across the line with Kane's run. Sanchez wins it back to Arsenal. I think it's too simple to say, Alan, that Tottenham had the greater need in the pursuit of Chelsea. Arsenal desperate to confound their critics and head into Champions League football next season. Plenty of reasons for them to go for it here. Yeah, I mean, with both the Manchester team's drawing, it's not a disaster to pick up a point here. But three would obviously close that gap. Arsenal. Gabriel. It's just a word from Aaron Ramsey. As there was plenty of times from him in the first half. And again. And again. It's given away by Gabriel. And that could be costly. Kane. Got Eriksen with him. Harry Kane goes. The goal goes for Glory. Gabriel apologises. Somebody might. Simple pass given away. He does get a shot away. Harry Kane. And he eventually did it. Sanchez. Waits for Wanyama. All one. Pass for a man to go on by Michael Oliver. Nice play. Theseilly. Love the attack. See, when you're at that dmg l in conclusionzz, that's how it's done. That's how it was proportionally. And you can see the Warriors not getting it, Támmar and lavoro. Mem curso, foe sante teré. Bring it on, wanting to take the tych, and care. Fromao Reine. Yani a man with that you. On two, Randar. Today. We. Come. So you. What? We did it. And a drop for Sanchez, and in fact it dropped for Olivier Giroud. Just get a feeling with him, he's not up to full speed. Yeah, it's been a stop-start for him lately in the team. There's kind of half chances sometimes, they become more and more difficult when you're flying in front of goal. Good volley, too. I think that was... Big quarters of an opportunity. Not quite the full ticket. Gives with the throw. Giroud. I think we know that Sanchez can't go for it, but Giroud can. One way out. Sanchez can go for this one. Viral glove. He can't, because the flag was up. Dier. Nagyama. And someone has hit the ball hard. Romanya an melody for crazy Grijalva It's a much more emphasis on defence trying to come in from wide and spin him behind but didn't quite get it right good idea, I mean he was running into a lot of space but he said his team are more mature Martin this season after last term's experiences they're going to need that maturity, that know-how in the second half bit of patience there was a chance to show it at Wembley last weekend wasn't there twice equalising against Chelsea and it seemed after the second equaliser the momentum was with them but they ended up out of the FA Cup to the team that may well win the Premier League so no disgrace in that but it was an opportunity and it was a great experience you've been a winner in your career Alan do you have to get that first success really to find the true belief to go on and be consistently in the mix for trophies? well once you have done it for the first time it's always a little bit easier because you've got the belief as much as anything everybody has to have a first time here's Ali, not having a first time shot but maybe Ericsson he can go through here, check Smothers and Ali, he's out! tucks it away and in the tenth minute of the second half the breakthrough for Tottenham Dele Alli is delivered again well there won't be too many more goals in this famous old stadium for Spurs to celebrate but this is a very precious one in the North London derby well it was a wonderful feat from Christian Ericsson it eventually falls to him and he's got the ball Waltson through here check thinks he's done enough and he needs the help of his defenders can looks like Chamberlain on the line do a bit more than swing his right foot at it maybe go with his left would have been better but he has to do it very quickly because this time Dele Alli does get enough on it he gets the right contact and for him the right outcome and here's Rangyama Arsenal being really tested here and down goes Kane and Michael Oliver has given Spurs the penalty it's all falling apart for Arsenal in a couple of minutes here he's in a good position, Michael Oliver had a little think about it and then pointed to the spot doesn't catch the shin of Kane, difficult to see from that angle and he does Kane most certainly makes the most of it in this day and age you'd probably say it's a pen it's the ninth Premier League penalty that Arsenal have conceded this season Harry Kane who was delivered from the penalty spot in the North London derbies before has the chance to make it 2-0 make it a double whammy early in the second half and it's a penalty for Arsenal he does he's scored in five in a row in the Premier League against Arsenal and surely above all else top nine going to finish above Arsenal in the league this season for the first time since 1995 well that's how to take a penalty under pressure he's hit it firmly and firmly and firmly and right inside the post by a couple of inches that is unstoppable what a crushing couple of minutes for Arsenal it's been the Tottenham fans have waited for this season in season out last season they should have been above the Gunners and they had that end of the campaign collapse culminating in losing 5-1 at Newcastle but they're 2-0 up against the old enemy here you do fear for Arsenal Martin when it's like this and they lose their hence they lose the shape and they can easily ship in another two or three by the point unit did the other side of the coin and you mentioned it earlier when Spurs get the taste they get their goals they really do hammer the opposition this season yeah they can steal the ball the team so Arsenal just got to dig in now for the next five minutes quiet this raw Castro Spurs have now become the top scorers in the Premier League this season Liverpool of course who they've gone above play tomorrow 71 for Pochettino's players scrotum shot piracy and a ness Dos ladders Schirro grouping run then. Had to be out really quickly when it came to him unexpectedly. Takes it back into trouble wheeling. Back into traffic. It's given away to Gibbs. Good response from Arsenal here. Really stunned. Denny Alli's opened that and then Harry Kane earning the penalty, shall we say, and then converting it. Still half an hour to go. In by Ozil. Rams it. Great break by Kieran Gibbs. Couldn't find the right cut back to get Arsenal back into the contest. The Tottenham name was coined by the Arsenal supporters on Tottenham's day for the day. Arsenal confirmed finishing above Spurs year after year after year. And the Spurs fans have been very cautious about getting ahead of themselves. It's short. It's only now their team are 2-0 ahead. It is going to happen. We'll see. I have to say the North London derby delivering much brighter fare than we got from Manchester on Thursday. I couldn't believe this was the game that was going to finish goalless. The way the two teams are set up. Take a look at this World Cup draw. Jaka, Sanchez trying to stay onside. Galeen behind Spurs. Arsenal back into, ooh and Lloris. I suppose he escaped his grasp for a millimeter, for a fraction of a second. Not enough for Giroud to be able to pounce. I wanted to hit a dipping shot just there but it wasn't sitting right for him. You're looking towards your special players you like. She likes it, Sanchez, isn't she? She's turned things around. Daniel Ovechk being readied by Arsene Wenger. The pressure put on Gabriel. There he is, Harrison. Simon has the shot. Jamie Redknapp, what have you made of the frenetic few minutes? I just have to put one nil, Martin, and it's all about the pressure. This kid and this goal encapsulates everything that I really like about him. Just look at him here. There he is, making a run for midfield. He has no right to win this first ball, but he wants it more than anybody else. It shows his desire, his quality. And then again, this one, as that ball bounces again. There he is. Look at the Arsenal players around there. One, two, three. He's the one that anticipates it. He's the one that wants it the most. Brilliant. What a player this young man is. And he made the breakthrough. And he's got it. Harry Kane wasn't far behind. He's got to lose one of those holding midfielders. Sticking up. Malbeck to support Giroud. Hard going for the centre-court. Ali. That's seen off by Kassi-Oni. And he's got it. And he's got it. And he's got it. And after a look, suddenly very weary. Malbeck has to fill in. Talking about not the sort of side to rest on their laurels. Their work rate is incredible. Their amputation. Their ambition is incredible. Nice. Now, look. They tend to go for it. But it does have his ownaded capability. That's the job of the のん. Good play by すごい。 really pushing . Because he's got four視野 feet It's just aび wide some work for the two of them. built a bit over the last three games three wins doing it the hard way coming from behind majority in this stadium behind spurs as they look for number three to aim for if he clips it to the back post like how the finals a good piece of defending by gibbs really well here he's really strong in the air too i'm gonna help you back towards the post this time ali almost getting in his way but tongan checks really in the firing line now well this time it was on for tongan's favorite side on that left peg of his i want to stop that he's always curling away from petr chat he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him to curl in towards him feet to wanyama now for tongan and son no one near him i think it's one of those that the ref needs the help of his linesman the linesman wasn't prepared to make a call it was the blind wasn't prepared to make a call it was the blind inside of michael over erickson again they're peppering the arthur goal hurricane just had a the arthur goal hurricane just had a glance of him just a bit too far past the near post as far as players were adamant the arms as far as players were adamant the arms come up as far as players were adamant the arms come up and the way he's looking to get away with up up up i'm not in a natural position i'm not in a natural position i'm not in a natural position i just wonder if he hadn't given a i just wonder if he hadn't given a penalty already penalty already whether that would have been punished michael's very open with his thoughts i'm michael's very open with his thoughts i'm sure we'll be able to find out at some sure we'll be able to find out at some sure we'll be able to find out at some point point point point point point point point point point point point point point point in Ericsson stay with him exactly that Trippier Sanchez not giving up the ghost Maniama not giving up his man Sanchez Gabriel for that earlier challenge yeah he's moved across to right back now Gabriel and you know he loves a challenge it's been a bit more than that Arsenal need something here Gibbs reflecting that need a bit too clever Jamie Renner we haven't had your thoughts yet on the penalty it is a penalty Martin it's a really really clumsy challenge for Gabriel as Harry Kane faces him you can see that he sticks out of his right leg trying to slide up as much as I can you can see that keep your arm at foot there I'll just take it back just a little bit that right leg up against Harry Kane's it's clumsy you can see he kicks it Harry Kane does make an action and puts his right foot into him which a lot of forwards tend to do I know that was your game Alan but I think that is a penalty I've got no doubts at all it's a clumsy lazy challenge and he shouldn't be complaining what I would say it's not enough to bring down Harry Kane does that mean it's not enough to bring down Harry Kane to get a penalty I saw with Coutinho didn't we in Liverpool he didn't get down it was a foul and he didn't score with his shot Harry Kane has been booked for this 19 goals in his last 26 which is against London opposition for Kane now with that penalty which he converted with a plumb Paul Spell early in the season when Kane was out of the team injured was tottenham dropped some points which still looked costly even though it looks as though they're going to keep up the chase on Chelsea who had such a good win at Everton earlier today at Del corsi ball it's not tight enough not dry enough Fulham certainly wasn't a stray elbow but Tonga Victor Berrini is getting ready he might slot him right back in place of Gabriel we'll see that's when they are I think the two at-bats are changing in the midfield now Giroud supported by Ramsey Welbeck Monreal Chantelain Ozil crossing early Welbeck going in for Tottenham body I think in the end and now some afters wouldn't be the derby if it wasn't a scuffle at some point Welbeck having his head patted by Luis that ball was received well from an opponent and it's Welbeck who's going to get more talking about this he's got a lot of time to do that he's going to get more talking to it it was a cross to be fought for he's sticking up for his keeper isn't he Welbeck for the same token there's a loose ball there he'd need to keep his favourite he's got a toe in wasn't loose but nothing too vicious it was aimed at the ball it is the change at right back before he gets sent off maybe bit like Juan Llama at Palace on Wednesday Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain the cars are coming thick and fast took a while to come trying to tackle from behind continually catching Kane having a book carry Harry Kane first earlier having felt he had to be consistent and a barrel with a great switch of play for Davies cross comes out to Ericsson Davies on the move again good block by Oxlade-Chamberlain and a tackle by the same player the method to back this move само exposed looks good that's nice 3-4 crafted photo last touch Manual Didier I smile continue these are the situations that can show Arsenal apart their worst when they lose the shape lose the heart to a certain extent 2 goals in 7 minutes another great save by check just about keeping Arsenal in if they can get one quickly they have a chance to get Bayer in keep the ball in running forward and a brainstorming challenge by Madong and Petrje well this team are two down but it's Mag not three top class sides and as you can see they're ruled out from the outset not a 100% fit but well enough to come on for Son another good shift such a valuable squad player Kostiolny Welbeck a few instructions substitution for Arsenal Welbeck gone with no effect another one about to happen in Walcott Matonga by Monreal Maneama trying to wrap his foot around that and get it more on a diagonal but it's a ten-double fine ball by Kluge here in Trippier a good presence down non-stop fell under the ball un sketchnel cause he wanted to lost not okay to one left is it qualify or a 15 only by p Jamain Kowalski interesante What was the score in one of the best Premier League North London derbies? A three-all here a few years back. Ten minutes for Arsenal to try and make it two-all today. Not too many signs of that happening. But for Czech, this game could be over and some. Well, it was 22 minutes ago that they scored the second top, and then Arsenal really haven't been able to mount a sustained fight back. Davis. Valley in early. Behrin. It's risky for Arsenal. Can't get away with it as yet. Mbele. It is Davis. Mbele again. That's a free kick against. It's a goal substitute. Mbele out. Get down the fucking fence. End app Wisner's Cyrmav succeed? Goal substitute, anti- politBe mbele? ите the biuk. Uh, and if Mit Tao moves off as new counsellor, аче her configured hand SCANN, I will close the list. Humph, I did just that. Boy, leave at the franchisor with what you have done, a northerly huge success for Arsenal. sliding aim here from the fans in particular, but it's not stretching to inappropriate language you might have picked up at home. We can only apologize for that. It's hard for you to hear from Arsene Wenger. It's still gonna be Generally. is much encouragement often this far forward who always is erickson only waiting for a little clip ball but uh the chance for that has gone gets there first that's really been the story of most of the match gives sanchez found wayne chance for jamie two goals between the sides much more than that i think it is martin and i i must be tough and i know that i'm new to arsenal man but you see a golfing class i see a more powerful team in tottenham i see a team that's more organized i see a team that when they They haven't got the ball, they press, they know exactly what to do when they haven't got it. And look at Arsenal at times. I don't know if you agree with this, Alan. It's almost like they're thrown together and everything's got to be perfect. And if it's a nice pass, they maybe can get in. But with Tottenham, I can see exactly what they're doing. It looks like they're coached within an inch of their life. Now, I'm not saying they're out of it, Arsenal. They've got six minutes. Anything can still happen, but there is a gulf between these two sides. No, unfortunately, I've got to agree. And unfortunately, that's been the case, Jamie, for a number of seasons. And that's the big criticism of Arsene Wenger, that they do look too open without the ball. We know how capable they are, can be in possession, but it's only half of it, isn't it? And it's too much off the cuff. What's really happened today, not perhaps so much the first goal, but the second coming so quickly. Sanchez. They're still working hard. But he finds Ramsey. Ozil. Sanchez. Ozil. Bairi. Better from Arsenal. Tomben in the role. Davis prevents the corner. Does more than that. Maybe trigger. Ozil's attack here. He is a bit short of support, but he finds Kane. No foul. First time a little bit of fatigue in the Tottenham round. Thanks. Get the support up in time. Here's Sanchez. Now Ramsey. In for Walcott. Tough delivery. And it's straight. Lovies. Good one really for Walcott. He had to take it with his side foot, I think. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Very good. Very good. Good one. Very good. Very good. Ramsey. And that's the final result of the attempt. I think, pretty much to tell the story. But Walcott shot just the fourth on target. Not many have stretched the Lovies. There's Ozil. Ramsey. There's Ozil. Good one. Good one. is gibbs back and gives us in behind intercepts armor a spectacular challenge from lauren koscielny so hard through the french defenders to get the ball have just given it away okara walker is going to get that little bit of the last north london derby for the man who got his uh bird today kieran trip yet just wonder how much that was down to the fact that mauricio pochettino wanted to play with a back four trip here may be more suited in the coach's mind yeah who's been galloping around the right-hand side for club and for country not possibly too much to choose these days between the pack he's a bit more powerful recognized by his fellow professionals in the pfa all-star 11. recently voted in the end it's been a fair indication of the league table and the goal is in the air and the game is now a golf between the two sides riozal on the ball martin i mean how many times have we spoken about him in dangerous areas he's just not influenced the match at all today first time so so a few uh parties in this part of the world i think it's a bit of a challenge but i think it's a good match for us the final whistle goes making the short journey home it seems with their tails between their legs all the recent history of premier league placings can't for much this evening with barry puts it to where loris almost exaggerates the catch and it comes to between ago and house and looks like white Sad Mystic Sanchez not short of passion, not short of effort, and maybe short of the structure for the team to flourish in. Kane, free across to try and disarm him. Eriksen's unmarked in the middle but Kane just can't get into a position where he can switch it across. In the end, knowing that we're in to stop his shine, that's not the worst thing to do either. He won't need a third goal. Brilliant play from him, wonderful pass by Dele Alli to release himself. And it's Sissoko. Comes on. Can't stop his shine. The fans will be hoping that we know the transfer vultures are circling around here. But there's plenty more North London derbies for Dele Alli to play in. For Wembley of course next season and then Newground, which is shaped up so marvellously just behind the goal that we're looking at here. I think people want to play for him though, he's the big attraction at Spurs. I'm sure the transfer vultures and the managerial business will be swooping as well. Can Tottenham become a super club? They've certainly got a super team. It takes more than that. You have to hang on to your players, you have to attract players. And there's Davies. Attacking a few defenders. Sissoko trying to get back in to help the left back out. Manuel. Sanchez. A light flourish here from Arsenal. Bellerin. Ozil. Sanchez. Has to go back to Ozil again, back to Sanchez again. Ramsey in the middle. Well back in the middle. Walcott in the middle. And here he goes, Kyle Walker. Closing close support. Grayson gets there. Too many negative thoughts from Tottenham but you can't blame them for just keeping the ball in their own half in these circumstances. Closing in. A special victory. And a well merited victory. I don't think you can argue with that. It's tough to take for the Arsenal fans, hopefully for the Arsenal players as well. I'm sure it is. Another day to remember for them. But Spurs have done what they've done nearly all season here. Win football matches. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's going to be a 13th Premier League home win in a row. Nine straight home and away. They kept Chelsea on this, that's for sure. And it's... They're still not out of sight. Second place Spurs. Let's see, it's not as easy as it looks. Well, the players change, the grounds change, the song's still very much the same here, the Spurs marching in. Yes.