the last four of those, Arsenal yet to win away against the current top eight teams this season they've lost that the last five swimming against the tide of the season I guess our little late on parade surprisingly poor record against the top eight away but I've been coached our stuff on the way they finished that first half son from the right into Kane Ericsson Trippier, Ericsson just finding his time Wanyama ぇ pressure by published from red bust very much back For us all the moment in a long vacation French orange It's difficult changing formation, especially as your manager hasn't used it for 20 years. Not really known for working hard on shape on the training ground. But we understand they have been working hard on the training ground on this shape. Yeah, well, they've got to, haven't they? Of course they have. We can't just send them out. Trippier. He's all doing a bit of pressing as well. Looks like Chamberlain can win it back. There is Ozil. Suddenly Arsenal coming alive. It's Tottenham who are a bit slovenly at the back and it's Sanchez. Weight of numbers prevails to Spurs. A sprint forward with Son. Alli. Davison support. This isn't the best ball to Son, but he's found some quick feet there. Trippier stepping in. Comes for Wangyama to hit it! And it needed touching over by Cech. Yeah, it's decent effort. I think you saw it coming all the way, Petr Cech. So, he was never overly troubled. Tottenham trying to set the pace. Tottenham in this second half. I think the game will open up as the second half progresses and see more and more chances. Son and Arsenal were really static then. And South Korean only hit the side netting. Just a bit slow to get out. 2v1. Look at the way he's wandered off Sanchez there, Son. Man! provider byацион jogos 12 Presidíosira. Try again to do the same... ...the Ramsey. Hello. Moran Adelman, what a serves. Brosnan. No move this fight. Rashfordson shows no composure, not able to get muy GROSBLGA. oughsn't. There it is. Sainz di Flores. Franci. Sainz touchscreened it. Carrick, there it is. There it is. Two Arsenal stars trying to cut Spurs open then. Eriksen. McCain in a race with Monreal, who positioned himself with his experience, cut across the line with Kane's run. Sanchez wins it back to Arsenal. I think it's too simple to say, Alan, that Tottenham had the greater need in the pursuit of Chelsea. Arsenal desperate to confound their critics and head into Champions League football next season. Plenty of reasons for them to go for it here. Yeah, I mean, with both the Manchester team's drawing, it's not a disaster to pick up a point here. But three would obviously close that gap. Arsenal. Gabriel. It's just a word from Aaron Ramsey. As there was plenty of times from him in the first half. And again. And again. It's given away by Gabriel. And that could be costly. Kane. Got Eriksen with him. Harry Kane goes. The goal goes for Glory. Gabriel apologises. Somebody might. Simple pass given away. He does get a shot away. Harry Kane. And he eventually did it. Sanchez. Waits for Wanyama. All one. Pass for a man to go on by Michael Oliver. Nice play. Theseilly. Love the attack. See, when you're at that dmg l in conclusionzz, that's how it's done. That's how it was proportionally. And you can see the Warriors not getting it, Támmar and lavoro. Mem curso, foe sante teré. Bring it on, wanting to take the tych, and care. Fromao Reine. Yani a man with that you. On two, Randar. Today. We. Come. So you. What? We did it. And a drop for Sanchez, and in fact it dropped for Olivier Giroud. Just get a feeling with him, he's not up to full speed. Yeah, it's been a stop-start for him lately in the team. There's kind of half chances sometimes, they become more and more difficult when you're flying in front of goal. Good volley, too. I think that was... Big quarters of an opportunity. Not quite the full ticket. Gives with the throw. Giroud. I think we know that Sanchez can't go for it, but Giroud can. One way out. Sanchez can go for this one. Viral glove. He can't, because the flag was up. Dier. Nagyama. And someone has hit the ball hard. Romanya an melody for crazy Grijalva It's a much more emphasis on defence trying to come in from wide and spin him behind but didn't quite get it right good idea, I mean he was running into a lot of space but he said his team are more mature Martin this season after last term's experiences they're going to need that maturity, that know-how in the second half bit of patience there was a chance to show it at Wembley last weekend wasn't there twice equalising against Chelsea and it seemed after the second equaliser the momentum was with them but they ended up out of the FA Cup to the team that may well win the Premier League so no disgrace in that but it was an opportunity and it was a great experience you've been a winner in your career Alan do you have to get that first success really to find the true belief to go on and be consistently in the mix for trophies? well once you have done it for the first time it's always a little bit easier because you've got the belief as much as anything everybody has to have a first time here's Ali, not having a first time shot but maybe Ericsson he can go through here, check Smothers and Ali, he's out! tucks it away and in the tenth minute of the second half the breakthrough for Tottenham Dele Alli is delivered again well there won't be too many more goals in this famous old stadium for Spurs to celebrate but this is a very precious one in the North London derby well it was a wonderful feat from Christian Ericsson it eventually falls to him and he's got the ball Waltson through here check thinks he's done enough and he needs the help of his defenders can looks like Chamberlain on the line do a bit more than swing his right foot at it maybe go with his left would have been better but he has to do it very quickly because this time Dele Alli does get enough on it he gets the right contact and for him the right outcome and here's Rangyama Arsenal being really tested here and down goes Kane and Michael Oliver has given Spurs the penalty it's all falling apart for Arsenal in a couple of minutes here he's in a good position, Michael Oliver had a little think about it and then pointed to the spot doesn't catch the shin of Kane, difficult to see from that angle and he does Kane most certainly makes the most of it in this day and age you'd probably say it's a pen it's the ninth Premier League penalty that Arsenal have conceded this season Harry Kane who was delivered from the penalty spot in the North London derbies before has the chance to make it 2-0 make it a double whammy early in the second half and it's a penalty for Arsenal he does he's scored in five in a row in the Premier League against Arsenal and surely above all else top nine going to finish above Arsenal in the league this season for the first time since 1995 well that's how to take a penalty under pressure he's hit it firmly and firmly and firmly and right inside the post by a couple of inches that is unstoppable what a crushing couple of minutes for Arsenal it's been the Tottenham fans have waited for this season in season out last season they should have been above the Gunners and they had that end of the campaign collapse culminating in losing 5-1 at Newcastle but they're 2-0 up against the old enemy here you do fear for Arsenal Martin when it's like this and they lose their hence they lose the shape and they can easily ship in another two or three by the point unit did the other side of the coin and you mentioned it earlier when Spurs get the taste they get their goals they really do hammer the opposition this season yeah they can steal the ball the team so Arsenal just got to dig in now for the next five minutes quiet this raw Castro Spurs have now become the top scorers in the Premier League this season Liverpool of course who they've gone above play tomorrow 71 for Pochettino's players scrotum shot piracy and a ness Dos ladders Schirro grouping run then. Had to be out really quickly when it came to him unexpectedly. Takes it back into trouble wheeling. Back into traffic. It's given away to Gibbs. Good response from Arsenal here. Really stunned. Denny Alli's opened that and then Harry Kane earning the penalty, shall we say, and then converting it. Still half an hour to go. In by Ozil. Rams it. Great break by Kieran Gibbs. Couldn't find the right cut back to get Arsenal back into the contest. The Tottenham name was coined by the Arsenal supporters on Tottenham's day for the day. Arsenal confirmed finishing above Spurs year after year after year. And the Spurs fans have been very cautious about getting ahead of themselves. It's short. It's only now their team are 2-0 ahead. It is going to happen. We'll see. I have to say the North London derby delivering much brighter fare than we got from Manchester on Thursday. I couldn't believe this was the game that was going to finish goalless. The way the two teams are set up. Take a look at this World Cup draw. Jaka, Sanchez trying to stay onside. Galeen behind Spurs. Arsenal back into, ooh and Lloris. I suppose he escaped his grasp for a millimeter, for a fraction of a second. Not enough for Giroud to be able to pounce. I wanted to hit a dipping shot just there but it wasn't sitting right for him. You're looking towards your special players you like. She likes it, Sanchez, isn't she? She's turned things around. Daniel Ovechk being readied by Arsene Wenger. The pressure put on Gabriel. There he is, Harrison. Simon has the shot. Jamie Redknapp, what have you made of the frenetic few minutes? I just have to put one nil, Martin, and it's all about the pressure. This kid and this goal encapsulates everything that I really like about him. Just look at him here. There he is, making a run for midfield. He has no right to win this first ball, but he wants it more than anybody else. It shows his desire, his quality. And then again, this one, as that ball bounces again. There he is. Look at the Arsenal players around there. One, two, three. He's the one that anticipates it. He's the one that wants it the most. Brilliant. What a player this young man is. And he made the breakthrough. And he's got it. Harry Kane wasn't far behind. He's got to lose one of those holding midfielders. Sticking up. Malbeck to support Giroud. Hard going for the centre-court. Ali. That's seen off by Kassi-Oni. And he's got it. And he's got it. And he's got it. And after a look, suddenly very weary. Malbeck has to fill in. Talking about not the sort of side to rest on their laurels. Their work rate is incredible. Their amputation. Their ambition is incredible. Nice. Now, look. They tend to go for it. But it does have his ownaded capability. That's the job of the のん. Good play by すごい。 really pushing . Because he's got four視野 feet It's just aび wide some work for the two of them. built a bit over the last three games three wins doing it the hard way coming from behind majority in this stadium behind spurs as they look for number three to aim for if he clips it to the back post like how the finals a good piece of defending by gibbs really well here he's really strong in the air too i'm gonna help you back towards the post this time ali almost getting in his way but tongan checks really in the firing line now well this time it was on for tongan's favorite side on that left peg of his i want to stop that he's always curling away from petr chat he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him he's got a corner that's going to be a bit more difficult for him to curl in towards him feet to wanyama now for tongan and son no one near him i think it's one of those that the ref needs the help of his linesman the linesman wasn't prepared to make a call it was the blind wasn't prepared to make a call it was the blind inside of michael over erickson again they're peppering the arthur goal hurricane just had a the arthur goal hurricane just had a glance of him just a bit too far past the near post as far as players were adamant the arms as far as players were adamant the arms come up as far as players were adamant the arms come up and the way he's looking to get away with up up up i'm not in a natural position i'm not in a natural position i'm not in a natural position i just wonder if he hadn't given a i just wonder if he hadn't given a penalty already penalty already whether that would have been punished michael's very open with his thoughts i'm michael's very open with his thoughts i'm sure we'll be able to find out at some sure we'll be able to find out at some sure we'll be able to find out at some point point point point point point point point point point point point point point point in Ericsson stay with him exactly that Trippier Sanchez not giving up the ghost Maniama not giving up his man Sanchez Gabriel for that earlier challenge yeah he's moved across to right back now Gabriel and you know he loves a challenge it's been a bit more than that Arsenal need something here Gibbs reflecting that need a bit too clever Jamie Renner we haven't had your thoughts yet on the penalty it is a penalty Martin it's a really really clumsy challenge for Gabriel as Harry Kane faces him you can see that he sticks out of his right leg trying to slide up as much as I can you can see that keep your arm at foot there I'll just take it back just a little bit that right leg up against Harry Kane's it's clumsy you can see he kicks it Harry Kane does make an action and puts his right foot into him which a lot of forwards tend to do I know that was your game Alan but I think that is a penalty I've got no doubts at all it's a clumsy lazy challenge and he shouldn't be complaining what I would say it's not enough to bring down Harry Kane does that mean it's not enough to bring down Harry Kane to get a penalty I saw with Coutinho didn't we in Liverpool he didn't get down it was a foul and he didn't score with his shot Harry Kane has been booked for this 19 goals in his last 26 which is against London opposition for Kane now with that penalty which he converted with a plumb Paul Spell early in the season when Kane was out of the team injured was tottenham dropped some points which still looked costly even though it looks as though they're going to keep up the chase on Chelsea who had such a good win at Everton earlier today at Del corsi ball it's not tight enough not dry enough Fulham certainly wasn't a stray elbow but Tonga Victor Berrini is getting ready he might slot him right back in place of Gabriel we'll see that's when they are I think the two at-bats are changing in the midfield now Giroud supported by Ramsey Welbeck Monreal Chantelain Ozil crossing early Welbeck going in for Tottenham body I think in the end and now some afters wouldn't be the derby if it wasn't a scuffle at some point Welbeck having his head patted by Luis that ball was received well from an opponent and it's Welbeck who's going to get more talking about this he's got a lot of time to do that he's going to get more talking to it it was a cross to be fought for he's sticking up for his keeper isn't he Welbeck for the same token there's a loose ball there he'd need to keep his favourite he's got a toe in wasn't loose but nothing too vicious it was aimed at the ball it is the change at right back before he gets sent off maybe bit like Juan Llama at Palace on Wednesday Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain Chantelain the cars are coming thick and fast took a while to come trying to tackle from behind continually catching Kane having a book carry Harry Kane first earlier having felt he had to be consistent and a barrel with a great switch of play for Davies cross comes out to Ericsson Davies on the move again good block by Oxlade-Chamberlain and a tackle by the same player the method to back this move само exposed looks good that's nice 3-4 crafted photo last touch Manual Didier I smile continue these are the situations that can show Arsenal apart their worst when they lose the shape lose the heart to a certain extent 2 goals in 7 minutes another great save by check just about keeping Arsenal in if they can get one quickly they have a chance to get Bayer in keep the ball in running forward and a brainstorming challenge by Madong and Petrje well this team are two down but it's Mag not three top class sides and as you can see they're ruled out from the outset not a 100% fit but well enough to come on for Son another good shift such a valuable squad player Kostiolny Welbeck a few instructions substitution for Arsenal Welbeck gone with no effect another one about to happen in Walcott Matonga by Monreal Maneama trying to wrap his foot around that and get it more on a diagonal but it's a ten-double fine ball by Kluge here in Trippier a good presence down non-stop fell under the ball un sketchnel cause he wanted to lost not okay to one left is it qualify or a 15 only by p Jamain Kowalski interesante What was the score in one of the best Premier League North London derbies? A three-all here a few years back. Ten minutes for Arsenal to try and make it two-all today. Not too many signs of that happening. But for Czech, this game could be over and some. Well, it was 22 minutes ago that they scored the second top, and then Arsenal really haven't been able to mount a sustained fight back. Davis. Valley in early. Behrin. It's risky for Arsenal. Can't get away with it as yet. Mbele. It is Davis. Mbele again. That's a free kick against. It's a goal substitute. Mbele out. Get down the fucking fence. End app Wisner's Cyrmav succeed? Goal substitute, anti- politBe mbele? ите the biuk. Uh, and if Mit Tao moves off as new counsellor, аче her configured hand SCANN, I will close the list. Humph, I did just that. Boy, leave at the franchisor with what you have done, a northerly huge success for Arsenal. sliding aim here from the fans in particular, but it's not stretching to inappropriate language you might have picked up at home. We can only apologize for that. It's hard for you to hear from Arsene Wenger. It's still gonna be Generally. is much encouragement often this far forward who always is erickson only waiting for a little clip ball but uh the chance for that has gone gets there first that's really been the story of most of the match gives sanchez found wayne chance for jamie two goals between the sides much more than that i think it is martin and i i must be tough and i know that i'm new to arsenal man but you see a golfing class i see a more powerful team in tottenham i see a team that's more organized i see a team that when they They haven't got the ball, they press, they know exactly what to do when they haven't got it. And look at Arsenal at times. I don't know if you agree with this, Alan. It's almost like they're thrown together and everything's got to be perfect. And if it's a nice pass, they maybe can get in. But with Tottenham, I can see exactly what they're doing. It looks like they're coached within an inch of their life. Now, I'm not saying they're out of it, Arsenal. They've got six minutes. Anything can still happen, but there is a gulf between these two sides. No, unfortunately, I've got to agree. And unfortunately, that's been the case, Jamie, for a number of seasons. And that's the big criticism of Arsene Wenger, that they do look too open without the ball. We know how capable they are, can be in possession, but it's only half of it, isn't it? And it's too much off the cuff. What's really happened today, not perhaps so much the first goal, but the second coming so quickly. Sanchez. They're still working hard. But he finds Ramsey. Ozil. Sanchez. Ozil. Bairi. Better from Arsenal. Tomben in the role. Davis prevents the corner. Does more than that. Maybe trigger. Ozil's attack here. He is a bit short of support, but he finds Kane. No foul. First time a little bit of fatigue in the Tottenham round. Thanks. Get the support up in time. Here's Sanchez. Now Ramsey. In for Walcott. Tough delivery. And it's straight. Lovies. Good one really for Walcott. He had to take it with his side foot, I think. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Good one. Very good. Very good. Good one. Very good. Very good. Ramsey. And that's the final result of the attempt. I think, pretty much to tell the story. But Walcott shot just the fourth on target. Not many have stretched the Lovies. There's Ozil. Ramsey. There's Ozil. Good one. Good one. is gibbs back and gives us in behind intercepts armor a spectacular challenge from lauren koscielny so hard through the french defenders to get the ball have just given it away okara walker is going to get that little bit of the last north london derby for the man who got his uh bird today kieran trip yet just wonder how much that was down to the fact that mauricio pochettino wanted to play with a back four trip here may be more suited in the coach's mind yeah who's been galloping around the right-hand side for club and for country not possibly too much to choose these days between the pack he's a bit more powerful recognized by his fellow professionals in the pfa all-star 11. recently voted in the end it's been a fair indication of the league table and the goal is in the air and the game is now a golf between the two sides riozal on the ball martin i mean how many times have we spoken about him in dangerous areas he's just not influenced the match at all today first time so so a few uh parties in this part of the world i think it's a bit of a challenge but i think it's a good match for us the final whistle goes making the short journey home it seems with their tails between their legs all the recent history of premier league placings can't for much this evening with barry puts it to where loris almost exaggerates the catch and it comes to between ago and house and looks like white Sad Mystic Sanchez not short of passion, not short of effort, and maybe short of the structure for the team to flourish in. Kane, free across to try and disarm him. Eriksen's unmarked in the middle but Kane just can't get into a position where he can switch it across. In the end, knowing that we're in to stop his shine, that's not the worst thing to do either. He won't need a third goal. Brilliant play from him, wonderful pass by Dele Alli to release himself. And it's Sissoko. Comes on. Can't stop his shine. The fans will be hoping that we know the transfer vultures are circling around here. But there's plenty more North London derbies for Dele Alli to play in. For Wembley of course next season and then Newground, which is shaped up so marvellously just behind the goal that we're looking at here. I think people want to play for him though, he's the big attraction at Spurs. I'm sure the transfer vultures and the managerial business will be swooping as well. Can Tottenham become a super club? They've certainly got a super team. It takes more than that. You have to hang on to your players, you have to attract players. And there's Davies. Attacking a few defenders. Sissoko trying to get back in to help the left back out. Manuel. Sanchez. A light flourish here from Arsenal. Bellerin. Ozil. Sanchez. Has to go back to Ozil again, back to Sanchez again. Ramsey in the middle. Well back in the middle. Walcott in the middle. And here he goes, Kyle Walker. Closing close support. Grayson gets there. Too many negative thoughts from Tottenham but you can't blame them for just keeping the ball in their own half in these circumstances. Closing in. A special victory. And a well merited victory. I don't think you can argue with that. It's tough to take for the Arsenal fans, hopefully for the Arsenal players as well. I'm sure it is. Another day to remember for them. But Spurs have done what they've done nearly all season here. Win football matches. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. It's going to be a 13th Premier League home win in a row. Nine straight home and away. They kept Chelsea on this, that's for sure. And it's... They're still not out of sight. Second place Spurs. Let's see, it's not as easy as it looks. Well, the players change, the grounds change, the song's still very much the same here, the Spurs marching in. Yes. succession all competitions club best one more home game after this against Manchester United it seemed to be the decreed team a leaving do they visited Upton Park back in the last season only trust the Spurs tightest of angles the both features well Martin left or right good start for Spurs it's not an easy angle for Harry Kane this one but just manages to squeeze it through the legs of Oxlade-Chamberlain check gotta be on his toes early on here interesting no Spurs starting with a back four Eric Dyer pushed into a midfield position that he adopted you the palace when Pochettino changed the shape here's the tongue when yama Ben Davis to resume his duties Jack Spurs reshape defense slightly vulnerable there space behind Kieran Trippier Sanchez was trying to use it Alderweireld came across Dyer has lost the season really in that back three last season it was more than midfield goal but just a little switch of the ball there but just a little switch of the ball there just a little switch of mindset for him just a little switch of mindset for him just a little switch of mindset for him here in Trippier here in Trippier like Ben Davis on the other side has been the good servant as the second choice in the fullback positions but I'm tearing the full glare if the North London derby and all the atmosphere is always attendant to this fixture here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane here here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane here's Kane on the inside the outside to get in behind Davis this time we won't have given up the chase the league leaders were most vulnerable in some style in the end talking about managing the emotion out here today and that comes from the fans as much as the players some impressive round figures for you the hundred and sixtieth league meeting between the two clubs 80th in this stadium in all competitions 90 which have now been played on this particular pitch be some sorrow to see it go obviously from the Spurs fans and maybe from Arsenal as well as they clinched the league title here in both 1971 Thierry Henry on the side in 2004 probably worked out already from our wonderful aerial shots they're not moving very far in this old stadium there are bits of the new stadium taking shape and the Spurs are defending Trippier I think for Arsenal Martin I'll be conscious of matching the energy levels the intensity of this young Tottenham team particularly in the early stages set the tone so, of course, you get injured Don't lie Don't suck and you start doing your thing but you also have the new year's rest which is found you can weigh into but put it aside because maybe for you it was about having some kind of like cheer treaty which you play up and down like you've been doing for a long time I live experience furniture Would not know you domestic Oh no this a very good season he wasn't entitled to be no they took the safe making contact and spurs out of corner straight to ball when he was anticipating or tried for ericson i think he was going for trippier two out for the corner eric loves to make runs towards the near post it's pretty congested there for topham anyway someone's just moved one defender out it's in towards dire comes off gabrielle it's another corner there's been enough debate conjecture controversy about oscars zone and mark him nobody will forget that ice brown match in a hurry connected with his club plenty of power spurs attacked it boldly that's his game yeah always one of the main suspects from these set pieces the belgium really does attack it with a bit of purpose to cover up this media people so we've got to fully strawberry he's got a better header on goal alluv Flowers as a substitute white black to sanchas monroy l was played as a center back in the middle of the enter twenty six or so in in a four before. I think they were happy how him and Gibbs on the left-hand side performed against Leicester, so kept it the same. And trying the back heel. All right. Fabus. Short of numbers in the box. Cut limits is unusual for them. Tramp is head up. Dyer. Trippier. Yes! Okay. Some early thoughts from Jamie Radnatt. Jamie. Good afternoon, Martin. It's interesting down the right-hand side of Arsenal. Oxlade-Chamberlain seems to be getting doubled up. You've got Son and Ben Davies and Spurs are going to come down this side. And Alan Smith mentioned it himself. Ozil's not going to come tracking back, and they will try and get a 2v1. I always feel in derby matches, keep a level of the pitchers imperative, some fiery characters. You've got Wanyama, Xhaka, Dele Alli. So I've expected a few fireballs starting that midfield area as well. From the Arsenal midfield by Ramsey into Ozil. Fabus. Swagging off Oxlade-Chamberlain, which isn't easy. I'm sure that's an area that Jamie mentions that Tottenham have talked about, though. The fact that Ozil won't come back more often than not. Can they expose Oxlade-Chamberlain, somebody getting used to a new position? That's the only way to play safe. Son. This is a significant part of Tottenham's game that they start the game and it goes out of play very rapidly. And look at the throws. No problem for Cech in the end. nelle, and then Soltanguis in the aft of 3000 yards. Soltanguis Aimee Promotion vio Souder chou Cr script onsla re And u lou k n the first last season of course fell away they won this equivalent fixture thirty fourth game four nil at Stoke we may have seen with us it's a vibrant display and then only took two more points from their final four games finish behind Leicester and behind Arsenal and then finally the final four games against Leicester and then Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Leicester and then finally Davis Towards Giroud. Paired by Trippier. Kane looking a bit isolated. Monreal. Sanchez. That's one of those, isn't it, when the keeper's charging out and the attacking player maybe gets the touch and goes down. Gibbs will make those runs, but as you can see, it's a firm right hand by the Frenchman. Kieran Gibbs starting successive Premier League games for the first time for two years. A period in which he has played for England. A good servant for them and uncomplaining. I wonder where his career is going, though, and whether it should be taking place somewhere else. He's a talented player, there's no doubt. He's done enough to win a place here. He played for Arsene Wenger in the Premier League for the first time at White Hart Lane in the Derby in 2009. So eight years in and around the first team. Dry day in London. Winkler's on the pitch for long periods before the game started. Zip into the surface that Spurs can use with their backs. Arsenal will appreciate it as well, I'm sure. Looks like Chamberlain who made that equaliser against Manchester City at Wembley with a big diagonal ball in the other wing back on the day. Monreal to fill up up and fire in. Sanchez. Fans feel shy. And whether it was on the first one or the second one, the flag is up. Well, it was an opportunity, that, though, for Arsenal. Top number, top number. And it's a good thing, because it's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. I hope for Arsenal. Tottenham had squeezed, as they like to do, a lot of space behind. They can get the run and the timing of the ball back. Tottenham seem more with the ball, but I don't think Arsenal will be too unhappy with this first 12, 13 minutes. They've had enough to say for themselves. I think so. Half thinking it was gonna hold up. Getting up on it. Just a brief history recap for you as to why there's such a bitter rivalry for Spurs. Arsenal were founded and spent their early years in South London. And in 1913 moved north of the river to Highbury, just four miles from here. An invasion into Tottenham territory. And just to make it worse, six years later, with an expansion of the Football League, Arsenal were voted not to promote it the way you would understand it these days. Arsenal were voted not to promote it the way you would understand it these days. voted not to promote it the way you would understand it these days. voted into the top division as Spurs were relegated. And they haven't forgotten it. They have not forgotten it. Resentment, I think, is the best description in one word. It's been passed down the generations ever since. Wanyama tackling the Ramsey. Kengen against Welsham. Here's Dier. A fax off with Xhaka. Sanchez's header is a stray run. And his tackle on Eriksen was a good one. And Vareld. Trippier. Interesting, isn't it? Another of the Kyle Walker. That's what's been leaving them. That's what's been leaving them. That's what's been leaving them. Foot talk of interest from Manchester City. Reminding you, Alan, before the game, this is where you played your very last league match in a North London derby. Before you were injured. Terminally injured a week later. I didn't realise actually it was my last game. Not a great one. Not a great one because we lost 1-0. Not a great one because we lost 1-0. In the debate before the game as to whether Dier will play with Wanyama in midfield, the pros have watched Tottenham every week. So when they have played together a few times, it hasn't really worked. Jamie Redknapp, is it working so far? They do miss the extra quality of Dembele. Every time I watch Tottenham play and Dembele plays, he gives them a different option. He's the first one who's going to drive past someone, loves 1v1s, provokes situations. And when they've got Wanyama and Dier, they're a bit safe, I would say. Very good defensively, but I think that Dembele gives them something completely different. Son. Now Davis. I think Dier is going to depend more on his passing. He's a good passer with the ball. He's not going to surge past anybody. Well, Dembele does. Son. Kane. All the way through. Arsenal try to break out. Certainly the extra man at the back has made Arsenal look less vulnerable in recent games. It's been through the results. They haven't played especially well. Perhaps the exception being the FA Cup semi-final. Certainly in the semi-final. The second hour of 120 minutes at Wembley. Giroud there. He's got a tough afternoon on his hands. It's been a difficult season for the Frenchman. Up against two top-class defenders, though. Kane. Son. Xhaka. Michael Ongar could hardly have been closer. Xhaka's just got to be careful with his descent there. He's got in trouble often enough for his challenge. That is, he's got to be very hard to control. Not even a 120-íbig. He has to have a big bench. Not many 그게 He's had ten challenges this season. It's more than the first. His team is the Tanguy general. That's an ace of the party for Belfast. Tanguy. Time. The gambling. Triple gebeckstrenerjest всёろ ticket. out with the ankle problems nice curve on the pass for the head of davis son davis deflected into the side netter we do have a slickness to their approach though particularly here just a bit slow to grab there oxlade-chamberlain and davis made the push forward erickson into his other vital direction actually hasn't scored the spurs against arsenal nor made a goal of his night he's on the box now you know trying to just deliver one quickly bouncing ball can't control it but he has got really good quality from those uh wide areas it should be mixed well a couple of different variations left one so two three two zero three c new stadium speaks for it the fact that they're keeping hold of most of these players speaks for it yeah yeah it is too early to talk about shifting power but uh heading in the right direction there's no question arsenal's structure their financial power is a long way ahead of spurs at the moment fair to say that the arsenal wage bill is much bigger than top ones budgets do come into it particularly when you've got a new stadium to finance whilst they've been through that of course not an easy one so sanchez suffered a bit of a blow to his macho image with some childish antics at the end of wednesday's in over leicester a rather mockable post on social media he's responded to with great humor by robert hooth of leicester sanchez is chased on here in a manly way ursula i think there are many options gibbs sanchez story got a bit of a fat lip from the game the ball thrown into his face by christian fuchs robert hooth responded by showing a damage to a finger so he was caught up in the bruisingness of the encounter good fun jacket i'm out by trip yet over 20 minutes gone arsenal standing in their corner and a long way away from where gibbs thought he might be kane flagstay's down support arriving for spurs might not look for it from close in couldn't connect when it looked a formality to knock it into the net oh my word how did he miss it and rose to the point oxlade chamberlain what a challenge that was in the end i think just to put off delhi and they left a shot here no he came i thought he was going to pass to some that is a shocker he missed one at the far post actually at palace delhi this one's a bit worse you can put your house on this oxlade chamberlain just doing enough wanted to make a reaction but a player who has found this particularly this season of arriving in scoring positions i think we almost ought to categorize him as an out and out forward these days gold scoring form is in he'll be scratching his head himself wondering how he's missed it and it's a bit of a surprise to see that he's not going to be able to score and he's not going to be able to score the pfa young player of the year for second successive season very well merited the pfa young player of the year for second successive season very well merited is is is just a bit too quickly if we go up here so do never trip here and davis too pushed forward eric dyer just drops into mixing it up between the two systems but let's move back on into midfield here yeah given that uh then valet is on the bench i wonder how él debe ser repugnante díchao 50 years how many minutes he could complete in this match needed Maniama has been fouled but kept the ball Giroud is still down Arsenal are on the front foot Good gives Andy Ramsey in the middle over him, Ozil arriving Claude Chamberlain maybe Giroud is limping back across the halfway line he might need to defend here we'll see him Claude Chamberlain paring back Son gets the better of him and Spurs could be in Son goes to goal Eriksen doesn't find the goal two big chances for Tottenham in quick succession would you believe it and you just wonder whether the occasion these players are tightening up a touch on another day maybe two up Tottenham they'll not make a thing on Oxlade-Chamberlain and when it pops up in the air he's got all the time in the world just to get himself set technically so good Eriksen normally top of the bar and the north London derby nearly is not good enough 25 minutes gone scored a spectacular winner at Crystal Palace just when Tottenham might be losing ground excellent first shot by Alexis Sanchez and Arsenal have a corner you miss those chances and as players you know you begin to wonder well is it going to be out of day even after 25 minutes well they're two golden chances for two golden players for Tottenham this year yeah I mean it's a collector's items those Tottenham fans drawing attention rather like those who watch the golf on television who phone up and get cards altered in trouble that the stewards have to deal with he comes out to Aaron Ramsey sometimes trying to hit the tackle the shot was going wide Spurs can stream out Son taking it all on himself Alli again not quite again Chaka in a very considered style of his a very considered style of his a very considered style of his well he's going to take it out of shape Arsenal at the moment Spurs can get at them speed of that break initially this is the first time he's been out of shape he's been out of shape this is the first time he's been out of shape by Son and by the corner flag Arsenal just got to compose themselves and get organised again defensively they haven't quite done that because Opto Chender was on the left left in the right wing back position more centrally gabrielle is split with him by davis and there is feeling the heat a little bit yeah he's having to defend as we thought he might do today it's hard work again kind of flick it on let's keep girls at the near post first spurs hands for england approach i don't know boisterous first almost half an hour it's your route night right and the right when he's jumping sits grounded there we go there we go kochi� speak up one and a half of his midfield player has perhaps made as much of a mark in the referee's notebooks as he has with the contribution and the style of play he's brought in with a big fee, big reputation at times it's looked as though his style is not quite suited to the Premier League, he's certainly those Arsenal fans who are criticising what's happened this season he's been used as a bit of a stick to beat the manager with athletically I think he struggles sometimes getting up and down the pitch good pass for the ball Davis good news is it's 0-0 for Arsene Wenger really after those chances have gone begging possibly possibly possibly possibly a car problem certainly when he went to the referee the referee called him over there was a bit of a limp from Granit Xhaka whether it was in that chase of the Tongan still reflecting on those chances yeah maybe he is I don't know because it was such a glaring miss whether he's taken his half the ball he can see Hoxha this late Chamberlain's boots approaching his face I don't know but he can't believe it and neither can Christian Eriksen so much time just to get that knee over the ball pushing it into the net it's Tottenham last finish runners up back in 1963 It's not to say they're not going to finish top. They'll be chasing Chelsea to it's mathematically impossible. And they do play this obviously after Chelsea today. And they're playing on Friday. We'll bring you live on Sky Sports another London derby at West Ham. Details for you Friday night football from the London Stadium from seven Sky Sports one. And Arsenal next in action. They've placed Manchester United also come here a week later to play Tottenham. And the last game at the lane. And the closing ceremony will be all that for you as well. Here's Kieran Trippier. You'll be pleased that Burnley is former club and won an away game in London yesterday. And looking so they'll be safe from the Premier League for next season. And then you'll get a chance to watch the final game. It's coming up. Then we'll see you in the next clip. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. Some of the recent games. And I know you've been here for some. A bit of a push over for Tottenham. They have. A stone of stuff. They've got one goal and come on to get three or four. These games. the past it is of course very difficult at this the business end of the season Alan for the managers to feel the very what they regard as their best 11 Liverpool we're gonna see on Sky Sports tomorrow at Watford that Mane and Lallana for spells Coutinho earlier in the season you really want to have a good season you really want to have your best starting lineup for these vital games you do but it's not always gonna happen and that's when you look towards your bench and you hoping you've got the quality kicking the leg of his opponent there didn't do too much to either of those players in the challenge Pochettino really saying are you okay or not seems to be okay boss interesting that Dembélé bit of action he's not all right perhaps drop Dier back into the midfield that was a very nervous kick from Papacek hasn't played in a North London derby here but he's got played for Chelsea many times here and also big games out of character from the experienced keeper Matonga ten minutes to go to half time Son more geared in this formation to absorb pressure what's the time to go Davis Virals Davis checking out the centre to give a different kind of width Son to give a different kind of width Son to give a different kind of width Son to give a different kind of width Alex Simon Aus façade solid at the back but finding it difficult to find routes forward solid at the back but finding it difficult to find roots forward Alan much control possessiony much control possessiony kalemz harf at the moment Jakobu Validad so lucky that Daniel by Wanyama and Ramsey in Iguely. He's started brightly, Aaron Ramsey. He's not had the easiest of seasons personally. DEMI ALI JUST... Catching Jaka there with a one-to-one lead. He deserves it. He's passed to Granit Xhaka. Sanchez. What a groove here for Alex. Slow change and getting back. Getting his tackle in. Two lads who know each other very well. Wanyama, nicely delivered to Kripia, whose take was good. The Varelde. Plenty of the ball for Tottenham. Two very presentable chances. Sponder. Eriksen. Arsenal may be feeling very weathered. One storm, there'll probably be a few more, but they need to create a few of their own now. Sanchez, a little chase. Absolutely brimming with industry. APPLAUSE Here's Ozil. He's behind Aaron, he's got Gibbs with him. Oh, and it's leading a smart save by Ugo Lloris to stop Aaron Ramsey giving Arsenal the lead against a run of play. It's a decent effort. Maybe he sees it later than he would want to, Ugo Lloris. They've looked the most dangerous, when they've got the ball, and they've had Kieran Gibbs on the overlap. He did have a choice there to pass it to Gibbs to his left. FINALE CONTINUES Aseur on the up. Gabriel up. Mo'Reale up. All back to Tottenham. FINALE CONTINUES Come on. TORONTO 2015 PAN AM, PARAPAN AM GAMES Comes out to Xhaka. FINALE CONTINUES In by Sanchez. Played by Eriksen. Son. FINALE CONTINUES it's a state back read it well Sanchez looking for Gibbs coming from that side with Kieran games making the extra man finding a bit of space isn't he coming onto the scene light he has got an attacking instinct here and Gibbs more than a defensive one in any way Jamie Redknapp from the other side there's a Urzel your verdict on him it doesn't look as comfortable in when he comes out on this right-hand side compared to where he plays in the teddy doesn't want to do the defensive duties but I don't know what other things but you want a bit more from the jury you want a bit more from Sanchez and certainly Ozil because you see him now he should be getting back and stopping Ben Davies and helping and getting in and tracking it's not with something he really does and he wants to do manager obviously exciting he accepts that because you've seen it so often I don't think that was a corner actually despite their appeals but funnily enough Arsenal look more dangerous on the other side rather than Urzel's side I've got the slightest of nicks there actually Gabriel Liverpool in August and last in October the only two visiting teams to avoid defeat here this season in the Premier League but draws for the most part in a wonderful white heart lane season a club that a few yards up the road season after next of course they confirmed on Friday they will be taking up that option that they put in place to play their home games at Wembley all competitions next season not done so well there in the European cup for them so I'm not going to talk to you more about that later. in games this season. There's it. And here's Oxlade-Chamberlain. Giroud hasn't really had anything aerially to attack. Good cross that Callum Lincoln gives actually. Giroud was at the other end injured. It depends. He thrives on good service and he's a good finisher when he gets it. That's the throw. That's for Sanchez. Gibbs actually played it out. Played it out of Gibbs for a goal kick. This team have played OK. That was in the opposition. Still got Dembele warming up I notice. Maybe not entirely happy with that central midfield area that Jamie was talking about earlier. That's the one he wants in the last eight Premier League visits to White Hartland. He did win here in the Premier League. Wake up in the last season with two goals from Mathieu Flamini. I'm just here to see it. I don't know if there's a T-shirt to get for that. It doesn't happen very often. Good goals as well actually. Giroud. Sanchez fevering away. loads of zustassa. freue member of Guo he stands chairs all the time yet on Mike Gleto and Wong ts Often also ratings or 15 24 24 25 set plays loose thinking from Spurs Chaka Sanchez with a whip on it we've got to reach moved his feet pretty quickly early on here we passed electy Sanchez to that far corner he's going to the side where he made his difficult save so far from Ramsey Tammy half time approaching thoughts maybe for Pochettino's point of view thinking for the second half I would certainly be looking to get Dembele on the pitch all depends on his fitness he obviously came off for midweek against Palace he's the sort of player that can change the complexion of the game he's the one player that I think will drive Spurs midfield Arsenal come into it and I think your point is valid on Aaron Ramsey I think he's been Arsenal's best player he's been the most likely he's gone and joined every time the ball's gone forward and Arsenal have grown into this game we don't have the better chances Ramsey has been the one player that's been the best player in the game I thought he's shown that real desire and determination to lead his team he's going to be the last chance before half time for the first half goal and the last North London derby this white heart lane picked up by Ramsey Sanchez couldn't make room for the shot he tried and wasn't quite enough space to score he's got a bit of a block now he's got a bit of a block now he's got a bit of a block now stoppage for Granit Xhaka and Amber Tongin Trippier ooh that's it yes showing afterwards the erm he was a batsman the shot he should have played with his left foot Tottenham get away with this because it was a poor ball in from Trippier that was so soon after that Arsenal free kick it's a Tottenham corner three three three Tottenham Tottenham just pretty well on his weaker foot here steering it into that far corner eight wins in a row remember in the Premier League twelve home wins in a row in the Premier League tripping with the corner still trying to put up the barricades again trying to put up the barricades again there's the trip here that's not pushing out playing this around the back alley trying to help it on but the flag was up helped it on and in deli alley but signed on the original ball yeah just off how he came on the chain there's the trip here that's not pushing out playing this around the back alley trying to help it on but the flag was up so some okay on this case and as well to davis now beautiful reverse of ben davis around the back it's not been easy for them to get into those positions last few seconds of this first half of the game last few seconds of this first half of the game last few seconds of this first half of the game for arsenal for arsenal for arsenal maybe a bit more grim determination from maybe a bit more grim determination from maybe a bit more grim determination from gabrielle and company gabrielle and company gabrielle and company yeah for most of the season yeah for most of the season yeah for most of the season they haven't signed and actually is still going right to the closing is still going right to the closing is still going right to the closing seconds of this seconds of this seconds of this is awesome It wasn't an instant success here, Song Heung-min. He's certainly had a much better second season. Much, much better. This will be the last action of the first half. Christian Eriksen signal, Christian Eriksen corner. Headed by Giroud, Michael Oliver blows.