and Arsenal into third place in the Premier League table. It's Leicester who get us underway and straight under the front foot. That's clearly what they need to do to get this crowd behind them straight away. Yeah, they've got to start well and they can be aware of a very quick Liverpool start as well. Liverpool blew Spurs away in that first half 16 days ago. We can expect more of the same, I think, from Jurgen Klopp's side tonight. So Leicester are going to have to match that tempo. An immediate stoppage here. We can see why. Vardy did well to keep the ball alive. The ball was overcooked to him. He just followed through there on Mane. Well, certainly there to be won. To follow through that causes the problem for the Liverpool striker. Vardy's always going to contest that. Gets a bit of the ball but certainly got a bit of Mane as well. That's what I'm saying. ...turn on the Liverpool bench. Mane can score both goals against Tottenham after returning from the Africa Cup of Nations. He's their leading goalscorer with 11. And Liverpool have really missed him when he has been absent this season. In fact, when they have the front three that start the match tonight, Mane, Firmino and Coutinho, Liverpool have been particularly effective. ...testing the Liverpool backcourt. ...testing the Liverpool backcourt. ...testing the Liverpool backcourt. back for pressure on Liverpool tonight Simpson Michael is absolutely brilliant in that Champions League game against Sevilla saved a penalty of course the first player to actually give his thanks to the following six to the bottom three after the weekend's results out of those relegation places missing a lot of the ball early on starting start to the game Liverpool fifth at kick-off first game as David mentioned for 16 days with a training break in Spain a bit of a cold tonight a bit of a shock to that he's making himself available for the throw by Fuchs it's a good ball now he's getting it instantly under control two Liverpool men facing him straight away he's got a good touch there Camino Pintueta picking up the loose ball again for Leicester first corners of that did well I think he played for it I think he knew there was nothing else going for him did well to win the corner there's Morgan and Robert Hoof both making their way forward they've exactly been amongst the goals this season Hoof hasn't scored for a year in fact and Morgan has only got two himself Goals Goals Goals have been in short supply all over the field All Brighton with the kick who was he meted at the back post heading into a dangerous area but the flag was gone up anyway offside to Burnley Did well to get round the back though Robert Hoof Liverpool marking zones there one touch tie and Hoof just peels off at the back made a nice angle two line offside there Mahrez given offside for taking part but Hoof found plenty of room there though Hoof found plenty of room there Leicester have lost their last five Premier League games now without even scoring and just one win in the last ten that was on New Year's Eve when they beat West Ham Hardly going in strongly for Clyne focus across on the cover here for Liverpool they still have Lovren out injured so Lucas has been doing an excellent job as a stand-in central defender in the season when it looks as though his Liverpool career might be over after nearly ten years of downfield long throw perhaps for Liverpool to deal with Maddon's come forward as well amongst others and it was a good reaction by the keeper Mignolet again Robert Hoof is the target here Okazaki's making a nuisance of himself in front of him Mignolet goalkeeper had to react and that's happening as well and now they're out kitted in the middle of the field they haven't got Mignolet on the ball yet and right now the flag has gone up against them three feet to Leicester it looks ok though Alan looks as if he's moving quite freely took a real sermon off Jimmy Vardy but it looks alright Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! The stars last season Leicester were top of the Premier League with 53 points they currently only have 21 Christian Krich with the long throw go to ahead of Okazaki and a good early ball for Mahrez he tries to take on Mia going Lucas across quickly to help him out and a poor ball by the Leicester man And they couldn't get round the second challenge. Albrighton wins the third. There's Morgan coming forward. Cooper stayed back this time. And Didi and that group of players once more. The miss is shot. However, they've brought the best out of Simon Mignolet. That's a really good effort from Okazaki. He's got to generate all the power that has been brought in from behind them. Second corner in quick succession then for the home side. And certainly at the moment, the crowd fully behind them. Albrighton with the kick this time. Okazaki, who's played within the width of the six-yard vault so far, but he's played off the left side at the moment. He's got a lot to do there. He's having to generate all the power there. Decent effort. Been in and out of the side this season. The Japan international first to control that ball. One of them, however, giving it away to who? Clyde. Looking for Firmino down the center. He's off goal. He isn't attacking forces yet. One of our favorites, of course. But the four league games they've lost this season. All 10 of them have changed in the bottom half of the table. So there will certainly be no complacency on their part. Tadeu Mane took a bad challenge in the opening stages, but he gave one out here on Ndidi. Down the inside of his foot there. Maybe Ndidi's paid the bill there for Jamie Vardy. Ndidi on the far side. He'll pick that up. Beautiful ball. He's going to defend. Mane. Liverpool have got four forward in this attack for the first time. Including Firmino. All of them poised in the center, but it never reached him. Lucas. He hooks it on. Coutinho. Coutinho. Coutinho. It's dangerous to show him inside like that. He scored some screamers over the years in those kind of positions. Here's Lucas. That's it. Mane. Mane. Mane calling for possession on the Liverpool left, and Lallana finds him. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. and was there again still chasing shadows at the moment that's it neatly done by the central defender and the ball finds Klein good build up play and a good ball as well Liverpool get their first corner thanks to Morgan's interception well they built it on the right hand side but I think Mahrez initially has to do better sold himself instead of staying goal side all of a sudden Liverpool have men over very good ball in as Morgan managed to cut it out but Mahrez whatever side of the pitch he's playing on has to get himself goal side quicker that was first corner and the second now couldn't go to dealing with that butique przez four minutes and the Juve behind Monaco for wayns 지만 Melo アム butique and in time taking the ball the ball favourite He's certainly got his neck into the header. Little nods there on Robert Hughes to take the Leicester player under the ball. There's plenty on it. Just one goal so far in his Liverpool career for Joel Matip. Enjoying a long run in the team now after injury problems. And, of course, Liverpool had that dispute with Cameroon over his current refusal to play in the Africa Cup of Nations. And... Hooks looking for Vardy down the centre. Liverpool with only two dangerous passes just in front of their own penalty area. And now Hughes is out to Ndidi. This was gone from referee Michael Oliver. Liverpool's free kick. Got his work cut out so far, Michael Oliver. Pretty tasty so far. Probably what you'd expect given Leicester's current position. Who clears? Only a lone figure at the moment. Paul Leicester inside the Liverpool half. Matip gets his foot right underneath the clearance. Valerian Cutt. He'll make a pass. Clever play by Hawkins. Here skating chance now. 1 free kick for Al Mission. 7 in the far left. ergonomic discovery into theakter semble he scored. Here End 재� Миánd nine times. Madrid on the home court. A hand there by Ramone Rashford. Winner going again. quickly closing down Mignolet Simpson Lucas is there again now Wijnaldum Coutinho just took his eyes off the ball and that was enough for Leicester to regain possession Vardy ahead of him, Mahrez to the right free kick Chan angry with the referee that's a really good reverse ball from Mark Albright to get Okazaki into space he's trying to get his body across to the front of Chan there Chan coming into the side because Henderson is out injured Mahrez got one in and won impressively and Wijnaldum with a corner for last night it's going to be a good cut to Mahrez, Liverpool doubling up every time the ball is swiped if they've got two against them two banking up on them here's a combination of Morgan and Hoof in and around the penalty spot area Hoof in particular a difficult man to deal with from these set pieces really attacked that one he might fairly sure have done better there Robert Hoof he's timed his run perfectly to the back post gets a free run at it Liverpool marking zones here and it allows Hoof a real good run at the ball should do better I think Lucas is going to be careful with this one and was Matip and that and in with the early ball Giacomini and in space on the Liverpool right here he is Matip you can ask me to get really he's Lucas Coutinho to the ball for Milner until choices ahead of him three in the box manager's not quite sure who he's looking for there big month ahead for Jurgen Klopp three of Liverpool's next four games are at Anfield including home games against Arsenal and Everton with a trip to Manchester City the running away game could be a month that defines their season he thought it was gonna be a lesser throw Wijnaldum 17 minutes here that's the last goal in the Premier League another free kick for Liverpool I think they might have been for the first challenge there indeed they made that's why he's in the centre of midfield for Leicester I think they might have been for the first challenge there indeed they made up he's given for that I think they're one that will try to allow it to breathe Coutinho goal kick he's admitted into that international matchday programme but he's one year he's the most good player but he's the most good player in the world he's the most good player and that's the first big thing in the World Cup I think it's been a very difficult decision they've had to make in their seven years at the club they say they don't expect everyone to understand why they've made it and they know that some people are angry about it but they think it's for the best for the future of Leicester City and eyelashes and there's Kean there the director of football the man who had to deliver the bad news to Ranieri Lucas and he's a good player Lucas and he's a good player Here's Milne. Here's Milne. Coutinho booted to it by Simpson. Coutinho booted to it by Simpson. Coutinho booted to it by Simpson. Firmino. Firmino. This chap, climbing to his right. This chap, climbing to his right. He's gone instead, looking for Coutinho. Simpson knew he was there. He had to conceive the format. He thought he could do it, Simon. Simon wasn't going to try and find Casper Schmeichel He thought he could do it, Simon. A cushioned header here. Takes the right option, gets it behind. Gives him a chance to get organised. Matip has joined the rest. In the penalty area, Schmeichel with a good, strong hand on the ball. In the penalty area, Schmeichel with a good, strong hand on the ball. A good ball. A good ball. He had to go off anyway for the half-side. He had to go off anyway for the half-side. What have you made of this opening 20 minutes, David? I think we expected loads of energy from both sides, I think we expected loads of energy from both sides, but we could argue that Leicester have started to break it up to two without really making a chance. Could have won now, though. Vardy! Liverpool just about get away with it. Liverpool just about get away with it. A deserved better Jimmy Vardy. for the first touch. It's a wonderful first touch here to buy him the shooting opportunity. Terrific touch. What a chance. Variation on the corner routine. And now he'll have to think again about it. He scored against Sevilla, his first goal in 10, but he's only managed one in his last 18 Premier League games, Jamie Vardy. His climb for Liverpool. Mane. He's going to give it away so cheaply. He's there again. Jamie Vardy won't feel he should have scored to him. He did well with the first touch. Matip helped it up into the air. And on the volley, it's a great chance to put Leicester ahead. A little bit more time than he realised there. Snatched that out a little bit. Great chance, guys. He's got it. Outside flag. Holding another Leicester attack. Graphic tells the story so far. Liverpool really haven't got started yet. 16 days in our crowded season is quite a long break as well for them, of course. Maybe a little bit rusty. There's actually maybe one in the middle here for Leicester, but it's going to be hard to find him. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE That's indeed it. Mokazaki just beaten to it, but it's another Leicester throw and a little nearer the Liverpool penalty line. A chance to put Robert Hutt up again. He's the one they're trying to hit with the throw. APPLAUSE and it comes again from Christian Fuchs a little flatter this time I think the referee decided he fouled gives him a great target gets a little bit too much on that but he's such a good presence in the six yard box I can see why they're trying to find him from the throne a little flip there by Coutinho Firmino unable to get it under control good ball there was Morgan he was the only Leicester player to start every Premier League game for them in this traumatic season good ball from Mbidi Brighton looking for Vardy down the centre and that is with the clearance for Brighton and it's been nicked away from Gritwater he committed the foul in an attempt to win it back but he can get on with it quickly Enwey Chan Mane chance to run up Fuchs Coutinho Mbidi with the score by the back of the car back there didn't like the challenge that followed but the referee saw nothing wrong here's Lucas onto Milner Mane Milner Chan Klein Far Open Opel consequentially he was fouled by the referee rightly that's Leicester play on no advantage came their way though it was good refereeing but Mbidi didn't make the most of it all Brighton already good was on there for Vardy Inyondy Oh good that's off-the-line schöp Oh, good one. Come a long way from goal here. Mignolet's got to get this right. Milano. Big turn of pace there as he picks out Mignolet. And now on to Coutinho for Liverpool. Mignolet just ran into trouble. And Danny Simpson got his angle spot on there. Coutinho's looking to try and bend that inside the far post. A little bit of trouble, though. It's a danger when Coutinho's in the inside left position. Tackle from Simpson. He's trying to shift it, looking up that target there. Simpson did well. Oh, there's Coutinho following through. There's no malice in that from Coutinho, but that's no consolation to Danny Simpson, who's still getting treatment here. Nice start, though, for Greg Shakespeare, who has been caretaker once before in his career, when he was at West Bromwich Albion, and he won his only game in charge. He joined Leicester originally as assistant to Nigel Pearson. Probably best remembered as a player, if his time at Walsall. There's been no shortage of energy from Leicester. Maybe a little short on composure. They look anxious, and that's entirely understandable, given that they're in the bottom three now. Unfortunately, Greg Shakespeare and the owners have both publicly today denied that there was any disloyalty on the part of the playing squad towards Ranieri. But that's not the case. They're still in the top three. They're still in the top three. Lots of rumours and speculation. Van Alden gives it away. And on it goes to Vardy, in a great position to give Leicester the lead. And takes it. Leicester's long wait for a Premier League goal is over. The first in 2017, and it couldn't have come at a better time. Wow. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. This is the last. The final score is 2-3. R savage tat10 4Lずleva plane 2015 R $ ynf. Good check up from Fabio, for a moment it looked as if Fabio himself was getting in here. Brulis Lucas here for a moment it looked as if it was goal side, a little bit of miscontrol costly for him. One ball for Mane, he might have used his arm to push the defender over there but the, he was just, I think, way play on, acknowledging that it probably was a foul. It's a good question, it's a good question. He's had plenty of headers so far, he's not really been in the right direction and that one wasn't. He's got to make sure that he's got his wits about him when Leicester don't have the ball, big weakness in terms of allowing full backs to run, he's got to make sure that he's got his wits about him when Leicester don't have the ball, and he gives Danny Drinkwater, who plays on the right of that central too, an awful lot of work to do at times. Ten minutes to half time, Leicester with the lead and they have the ball where they want it, deep inside Liverpool territory. Simpson. Nagasaki. Filled by Matip. And as far as Ndidi. Mahrez. Simpson. And he leaves it to Drinkwater. And it came off the Liverpool man, Lucas, for another Leicester corner. A good lot from Lucas, otherwise he's fainting partly there. Danny Drinkwater. And that's a waste. Liverpool have not amused at all. They didn't go long with the corner. Nobody's goal, I'm sure, would have impressed Southgate. Southgate. They turned the clock back with that strike. Lively right from the off. I think that the goal in Seville was obviously very important too. A dry one was becoming a bit of a millstone for them. Well and truly over now. I think that's clear, that was by Matip. Because that was lay-off. Maybe a Mahrez bogey in the Liverpool manager area, which is where I'll stay. And the heavy title will be arriving. And the short of Robert Hulmeke in particular. He's already caused Liverpool a lot of problems when the ball has been in the air. But now he's gone on. Now Watkins! Big энергies! 시면 Alec That on the near post. Still the danger hasn't gone. He should have done now, but Liverpool are still on the back foot. Oh my word, are they?! What a shot! What a goal by Drinkwater! And Leicester have a 2-0 lead! 2-0 lead. Classic strike. It certainly is. Liverpool thought they'd done the job here. This is an awkward one to defend. They get it away eventually. Good ball from O'Brien. Ball's played by Milner. No one's expecting that. It's a wonderful finish. Milner thinks he's got it safe here. Mignolet's helpless. Takes a big move away from him inside his left-hand post. It's a wonderful strike. Little bit of spin on it. Did it take a deflection in the wind? Either way, Mignolet's helpless. Only the second goal he's scored in over a year. Well, a penny for Gabriel Ranieri's thoughts at this moment. So he's watching somewhere. What will he be thinking? Oh, Liverpool fans thinking of him all the time. Martinho beating it out to Clyde. That was a spring in the step of these Leicester City players. They've been well prepared for this by Craig Shakespeare and Mike Stowell, both of the coaches assisting him at the moment. Liverpool haven't finished yet. Not by any means. A long time to go. Coutinho with the pullback. Alaba's shot blocked. Comes out to Mane. Mane. There he is again, Mane. Alaba. Good time. Right now, though. Great play. Good football there from Milano. And then it was outnumbered. Lucas. To Milne. Coutinho. Mane. Mane in the box. And Liverpool have another. They're in the corner. A good bit of O'Brien to get it behind. Doesn't want to be missed timing that. Giving away a penalty. Has worked really hard for this 2-0 lead, Leicester. Big five minutes coming up now, though. They're trying to get in at worst 2-0. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Indeed he did well to win that header. Here's Albrighton. Immediately fell for him again. Beautiful bit of skill by Camino. He's given it away to Fuchs. Camino has switched over to that far side now. Leicester looking dangerous with every attack at the moment. He's got a good shot. Free kick has been awarded. A good free kick to give away for Christian Fuchs. He was so high up the pitch. Liverpool were liable to break. Chan. Matip. He's on the right touchline. Long and close support. He's got a good shot. And he's got that throw. Very popular with the players here I gather. Even more popular with the fans at the moment. I think that's why the first goal was so important. To get the supporters back onside. But it went into the penalty. H woke Fuchs. Hillиваем. Spurs. Rries sentences the team. One more. Van deYOen. And another play up. Hogoeloen. Flüchten Testamentel hit Why RUN! by two doors. One of them. But yes, they are 1-1. Tocqueville out there with Hazard. Gotcha. Tocqueville. Retolve from it. Four we go. H watered a 2, 5 in that, Oxford. and that would be the most disappointing thing for Jurgen Klopp coming off the back of a good rest and a great performance against Tottenham he wouldn't have been expecting anything like this and he certainly wouldn't have been expecting this off Danny Drinkwater gets over a little bit of spin on the ball he strikes it so true, he takes all the spin off it no wonder the goalkeeper is celebrating superb technique the man who tops the list for Leicester for most passes and tackles this season but as I mentioned at the time, not exactly for goal scoring Simpson header Union você vive muito tempo de pressão