top two left behind on this season's starting grid a rapid response required from them both there's okazaki jamie vardy and vardy really troubling cashelny and earning a very early corner here massively worrying start for arsene's defense a flick on really route one football little flick and vardy's in the box and cashelny just putting his body in the way and i'm sure steve bald will be looking on at that from the arsenal bench saying i need to sort that out quickly more bright and short a slightly different angle for the delivery towards west morgan no question who's began on the front foot here exactly what you'd expect if you've got a the back four that's conceded four goals but still got an inexperienced center back in holding there's very much hoof being grabbed all of us got to be careful we saw penalties given earlier today for holding i'm glad that wasn't around when i was playing i know that there's rob holding who keeps his place the 20 year old from bolton alongside cashelny today chambers is the player who has been asked to stand down i'm starting with width from walcott on the right oxlake chamberlain on the left and sandy catholder gets to play rather further forward than he has these last couple of seasons yeah he'll enjoy that number 10 roll although he's got 19 on his back with his plane just in front of the back four linking play up like this and here goes theo walcott in for sanchez and then the follow-up shot biker thorla took a double deflection and it's arsenal's first corner that's what he brings to the team that little link up play ball to walcott sanchez on the edge of the box just gets a call and over is that i think uh oxlade chamberlain is probably in on that far post we see him there central defenders broke up corner that's going to be taken by new recruit granit jacker nardy drinkwater over here is going to be next to sign a new contract at leicester after riad maris committed his future to the foxes earlier this year week and Lee what are we to make of this selection Albright one of four players recalled to make this virtually last season's team will have a conversation about that in a moment actually Chamberlain's balling I think Claudio Ranieri will shake the team up this season I think will be he's got a little a bigger squad to pick from although I'm sure he'd like a few more to come in the ways give his interviews he's very pragmatic about this season Ranieri the what he says you know last year was a one-off and we're getting back to the basics again and if they play like they did last year they're gonna take a few teams by surprising in Europe but I think teams know what they're all about here and not with a difficult thing for them didn't work them out last season quickly enough but I think this season teams play a little bit deeper etc but when you look at the pace that they've got in the side and the Arsenal side there's just running machines all over this pitch today and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the back of the net and they're not going to be able to get the ball back to the back of the net Mares Okazaki by Morgan Okazaki was penalized he is a picture of industry see that one there John the ball is coming in the ball gets played to Sanchez and he tried to play a little one into because all it that's so high the line you can see the line right now that virtually on the halfway line any little ball over the top and a spinny run that's what you've got to do to teams that play high lines if you've got pace in the side just knock a few behind we said it last week how many times did we say last week the Manchester City game defenders in the first five or ten minutes when I get really tight and you want to know we want to let you know that they're there so so you know what don't let him know just come and come short and spin into the hole both sides should be doing that Jacker the left bank Monreal head it was by Fuchs this is Oxlade Chamberlain Monreal again just looking at when that ball comes in from Monreal he's got Sanchez Walden just looking at when that ball comes in from Monreal he's got Sanchez Walden just looking at when that ball comes in from Monreal he's got Sanchez Walden he's got and Cazorla all in the box I he's got and Cazorla all in the box I mean mean he's not six feet between they'll stand on each of the shoulders he's not six feet between they'll stand on each of the shoulders got to be better quality balls it's got got to be better quality balls it's got anything overhead height you've got anything overhead height you've got who For Morgan Who are just going to clear who For Morgan Who are just going to clear that all day so we've got to find a that all day so we've got to find a way of putting the ball in the box that's way of putting the ball in the box that's to their advantage you're not the to their advantage you're not the defenders defenders you mentioned your ruin passing lead you mentioned your ruin passing lead we wanted to Arsenal supporters thinking we awarded to Arsenal supports thinking well it could show this bit to play Why not Ozil and why not Giroud? Why are they only on the bench? Well, we said before the game, didn't we, we were chatting about this, and we don't know what goes on in training. I think some credit has to be given us, some license, should I say, to the managers. When they see the players week in, week out, Arsene Wenger there will be looking at the players, and he said that Giroud's just still a little bit short. I don't really get it myself, but if he's saying that, he's seen something in training. He's a big watcher of players in training, Arsene. Every single session, he watches. And we said before the game as well, didn't we, that, you know, if I'm Koscielny, and my manager's desperate because I've got no centre-backs playing against Liverpool, I volunteer. If I'm fit, I might be tired, I volunteer to play that game. He might have been turned down by the manager, but you know what, you go to him and say, Arsene, I want to play. I'm an experienced pro now. I need to be in that team to help these young lads. And he wasn't there last year, and it was last week, and it was so evident in the second half how they didn't have a leader at the back. It wasn't the defence's fault, it was the whole team, but you need leaders, and whether you think Koscielny's won or not, he's not a big talker on the pitch, but he's the best they've got at the moment. He's captain today in the fairly long-term absence of Mertesacker. As the Bulls return to the final round, I have Ex眼 there. Thanks. Well done, ben. A reconstructive list of those players. Basco Therman back and finding it. Carolγh isn't back but you know Lieutenant-Generalort You can't just in all built up stuff and have three games of receiver cheques or staff come around for six demands, so you can just can't undestand that. Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 21 matches in all competitions against Leicester. 19 of those in the Premier League. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Now Sanchez. Cthulhu. Bellerin. Now Albrighton for Leicester. Bellerin again. Xhaka. Walcott. Coquelin. Monreal. Alexis Sanchez. Sustained possession from Arsenal. K worthy. Moment to come back in. 1 0. refle allí en venir. Canada, l'É はい Bakaric. fin de l'É painting tar ac objectif. Chicken correr. Starb sìl夠," I watching, I will try my terrible life. I don't know about him, I want to touch up at the moment but, ye shall touch down, I will pay my fee for it. Eu. defender so they just keep the ball again lester being very patient without the ball and arsenal patient with the ball proper that michael taking command so albrighton holding has the problem posed by vardy amy vardy of course pursued by arsenal at the start of the summer as it turned out more recently arsenal showing great interest in riad mares but he put pentapaper on a new four-year contract with leicester earlier this week books that in itself john is a big statement about where both clubs are at they're two best players if you like i've said no we're staying at leicester shows what they mean to their players and on the flip side of that two players from leicester not signing for arsenal okazaki going over and no foul detected by mark clattenberg this is a sign of the times got a bit of a year of me mark clattenberg all those games you mentioned you might as well pack in my nina well i think he's got his eyes on a world cup finally two years time that's true yeah a potential match up in the winter we could be out here and really about image this whole season for us i think he's got in come oEX up on japan yes i think so oh that's obviously castillo if i told you from this jakob women's andتيm yes one V one one of the best in the league Akasaki intervention was by Koscielny still our sweet beaten surprisingly at Hull most reigning champions to lose their opening fixture since Arsenal 1989 wasn't my fault is that against Mantis United for one of all traffic yes so you gave a penalty away in the first two minutes of a Tony Adams went off for the stomach upset for about three minutes not interested in excuses Lee just facts came flooding back to me you know what we'd been away to Miami preseason and I remembered playing in that game being feeling exhausted he talked about how Lester a feeling after their preseason last week leggy performance very similar mr. of course invited to take part in the International Champions Cup preseason nominally in the United States but you know that's the way it is you know that's the way it is you know that's the way it is I said you'll prepare to me at least to be too sympathetic with one game in California Subsequent fixtures back in Europe including a trip to Gothenburg Other teams are able to go to the US and play all three games that Yes, Cthulhu Also had a preseason trip to America the MLS all-stars the game against Chivas of Mexico their first ever World Cup final Plattenberg has had a euro 2016 back to tood on his arm to mark the fact that he took charge of the final He's also had a Champions League motif tattooed on his arm. Presumably, he's got the FA logo on there as well. So whether there's room for the FIFA badge in two years' time, should he get the World Cup final, is a moot point. Just deciding whether to comment on that or not. I don't know whether to be judgmental or just leave it. I'm just going to leave it, John, I think. You prefer it when you're judgmental. I'm not showing you my tattoos now. Three-kick for Arsenal. Robert, who's back from a three-match ban today after that dust-up with Fellaini at the back end of last season. Oxlade-Chamberlain. That was the one. Monreal, time on the ball. Oxlade-Chamberlain threatened to go long, came short, got it to feet. He could just... Stretch him a little bit, Simpson. Just to see what he's got going the other way. There's a winger playing against a full-back. You need to test the full-back. What does he like to do? Does he like to get tight? Does he like to drop off? You're working him all the time, and vice versa. The full-back's doing the same thing to the winger. What don't you like? Do you like you want to get tight? I'm just trying to work each other out. Mind games. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Before that. Interested by... Happy Mendy, the new addition to the Leicester midfield. Sanchez. It's Bellerin. And Morgan prevented it, reaching Walcott, who was open. Morgan helping his mate out. Huth just slips over at the wrong time. Gets his feet a little bit caught underneath him. Turns there, and now he goes down. He's onside. Bellerin just dinks it to the far post. Or pulls it back. But Oxlade-Chamberlain picked the wrong pass there. Nacho Monreal. Theo Walcott. He's out. Just noticed that the referee's assistants have got short sleeves on. And the referee has got a long sleeve on. Is that because of his tattoos, do you think? Do you know? I think it might be. Wouldn't happen at Arsenal, Lee, would it? No, absolutely not. All wear the same shirts. Yes. The great traditions of Arsenal Football Club. That they were crowned with kegels and new pubs. And for this side, almond when Mum IKEA. Hot dog cholera conditions yet again. We're discuss the before the rivals match jump, at an accuracy prayed before thecies water ups and floor. Because that he goes over. head and a high foot. As you can probably tell from the noise behind us, the clackers are still in evidence at Leicester this season. Provided by the Thai owners. There was a piece in the match programme from the chairman, Vishay Srivayahana Prabha, that explains that whatever ambitions they may have on a global stage, Leicester will always remain a committed, family-orientated club. The new riches coming their way notwithstanding. Walcott's Sanchez. When it comes to an innovation here in became the was characteristic as An too but yesterday the American Rahol ему anti Islam investors against this Well, you're gonna well, you're down организational falls Skipping away from Mendy. Here's Wolcott. Bellerin. Coquelin. Monreal. We noted that Vardy just clipped Monreal there. With Arsenal in possession. On we go. Holding. And Mark Clattenburg is going to have a word in the Leicester strikers here. It's a ball he has to go for, though. You can't pull out of challenges like that. It was a short ball. He had to slide in. Try and win it. His momentum just took him into the player. And that's what he's explaining to Mark Clattenburg now. My strikers pulling out of tackles like that. I'm taking him off the pitch. It's time Leicester got the better of Arsenal. November 1994. Here goes Theo Wolcott. Sanchez can't get there because of the marshalling of Simpson. Very surprised that Schmeichel didn't come for that. It just seemed to go a long way. Looks like he was just offside, but no flag. Schmeichel's already there. If he keeps coming, he probably gets that. But he decided not to. Santa Cthulhu will take the corner. Something's up with Schmeichel. Slept is aiming for it very well. Buddy Hod Jones gets first lineman. Schmeichel keeps for the win. Stephens Ketogre comes in at the我 last minute. By Hust. Mo stain Katola. Once more. ой cothua Nice kick. risen a go boiled down enough. the ball to the right of the left wing. left wing. left wing. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. Cazorla. He sent the ball away. He sent the ball away. Got to put Got to put his foot on the defensive his foot on the defensive line. line. It goes a little bit high. It goes a little bit high. Claroay I did not think he Claroay I did not think he caught Vardy caught Vardy but a good track. but a good track. the the last year's meeting of these two sides on this ground last year's meeting of these two sides on this ground was a humdinger was a humdinger this is yet to threaten to approach this is yet to threaten to approach similar heights similar heights as it is so and muhammad el neni as it is so and muhammad el neni amongst those on the arsenal amongst those on the arsenal bench today's uru is there too so bench today's uru is there too so it's a little bit of a surprise it's a little bit of a surprise for the uru team to be able to for the uru team to be able to get a chance to win this little get a chance to win this little chance bellerin bellerin jacquard oxley chamberlain came off the bench and scored against oxley chamberlain came off the bench and scored against liverpool to give arsenal hope last liverpool to give arsenal hope last year andpl Изmail year andpl Izmail I really like oxley chamberlain when he I really like oxley chamberlain when he does this shows intent cuts inside on does this shows intent cuts inside on that right foot you've got a turn of that right foot you've got a turn of pace around image strong on the ball pace around image strong on the ball it's a little bit wide I think you know it's a little bit wide I think you know for me he has to play whether it's here for me he has to play whether it's here or somewhere else as a player he's been World Cup, playing for England. One of England's best players. Got a nasty injury. Since then he's been in and out. I think he's a player that really needs to play 50, 60 games on the trot. Get a couple of seasons under his belt and you'll really see the best of him. It doesn't seem that that place is going to be here so maybe this is his chance. Still only 23 Oxlade-Chamberlain. Just as well caught. It is 12th season with the club. It's still only 27. Both of them arrived from Southampton as callow teenagers. Up! Must have beaten on the opening day at Hull. With, well we could be polite and say mixed fortunes pre-season. Actually won a game in the International Champions Cup. Their only victory in any fixture so far this season was at League One Oxford United in their opening friendly. Vardy showing a clean pair of heels to Rob Holding. Here's the first one. That was Albright. Mahrez in the middle. Fuchs. Space for Bellerin. Coquelin. Wasn't a very smooth Comeo. Rosa is history. Is this Rodimundo's third call path of the season? The opponents just declaring their southerly because I just in front. Happy for us. I'll type the ball in this area. Paul. Agricola. Well, they look quite happy with a just land. Arsenal have the ball, pass it around, because they know if the ball comes in the box at any height, they'll clear it. It's got to be one of Arsenal's intricate passing moves on the edge of the box that gets them in. They've got that many numbers back, but that space is very limited. Best weather of the day in the English East Midlands now. Mockled sunshine. Vardy. Drinkwater. Holding. And again. Oh, there were shouts from the home fans for handball, but in fact the decision goes the other way for a foul. Oh, there were shouts from the home fans for handball, but in fact the decision goes the other way for a foul. Sanchez. Bellerin. Xhaka. Koscielny. Monreal. They chambered and tried to give it back. Xhaka. Koscielny. It's just that passage of play there. Monreal had time. Ball was given to him space, but he's kind of reluctant now to even think about crossing it. So they play another little pass. Leicester know they're going to do that, so they get nice and tight and they win the ball back. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. Xhaka. People. People. People. Half an hour of service, Half an hour of service, you go to вы resolverople ставите вы должны этой форте evaluate in case they fail if they fail you go to вы Panzer согласия попробуйтеnar 라istic lasciength이라고 ап눈 Well, there's certain players that the ball's bouncing to and you think, oh, he's got a chance here. I wouldn't have picked him as my number one for a volley on the edge of the box. He gets a shooting opportunity like that, Lee, and you need to inform air traffic control. Starved of shots on goal. We'll take it at the moment. Anything near the goal. A bit of a stalemate going on. And I think when Arsenal do get a corner, that's when Jamie Vardy looks and goes, oh, I've got a chance of getting in here because I just watched he was on the halfway line with Bellerin and Monreal when that corner was taken, but he's licking his lips, hoping that he'll just clear the ball to him over the top. Christian Fuchs to Jamie Vardy. Again, advantage played with Fuchs. Mahrez. Drink water. And drink water does what he did so often last season. Immediately wins possession back. Simpson. Leicester throw. A word of warning there from the referee. The direction of Hector Bellerin. Simpson again. Mahrez. Beautifully curled in. Just with a yard too much on it for Jamie Vardy. Good job. Bellerin leads the counter. Sanchez. Coquelin. Santigathola. Monreal. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Santos. Juan. Abdullah. On the back of the plate by Darak, foul of interior by Granada here at the back ima, wow. デραب direction, Calderon cards up top. Sheens in here. Sheens up front. De tua. Dolly. Sidney ahead. Walk on intermediate but then sheens the black-raced. quency lands there already met. nei had to have a grateful moment to his team. The two comentarios. Sanchez Sanchez we could see what he was trying great ball in from Mahrez just a little bit too high we wait patiently for this game to take off as we know it could there have been some terrific games between these clubs in the Premier League era I don't know about you Lee but my mind always goes back to a game 19 years ago this week at the old Filbert Street ground 100 yards across the road from here and Dennis Bergkamp's heavenly hat trick in a three all draw that was an amazing game really was thanks for bringing it up because I think I was at fault for their equaliser at 3-3 but it was all about Dennis that night one of the best hat tricks you'll see go on YouTube and have a look at it but stop it just when it's 3-2 so you don't watch the Dixon at the far post I think I've got to beat in the air but it was only a little lag couldn't jump very high that's Albrighton it's all just a small effort From Flint to ... To Dane Flambeau Delacroix Branagh All alright explicities Big mighty ön two nine dancing pig elo first touch on it Mahrez and then he just nipped in Simpson who very nearly left Leicester around about this time last year thinking he wasn't going to get much of a first team chance and thank heaven he stayed imagine if he'd have left down would he Arsenal were the last visiting team to win on this ground 11 months ago 15 unbeaten in the Premier League for Leicester on home turf and here's new recruit Mendy Vardy Okazaki Sanchez for Arsenal Oxlade-Chamberlain with plenty the other way and he hurdles Simmonds and Sanchez wants it maybe that time has gone Xhaka still with a chance to regroup Xhaka it's a great break for Mendy Oxlade-Chamberlain but when he gets to the edge of the box three players have made a similar run and so his options are really cut down to one pass and when you've got three on the break like that you've got to have options you've got to have players coming short going long making different angles lost the impetus in that attack best to get everybody back that's kind of been the the way the game has gone in this first half and you have to give credit to Arsenal's back line they haven't given an awful lot of space behind it they haven't given an awful lot of space behind it for Vardy and Okazaki to get into for Vardy and Okazaki to get into Albright's been really quiet Mahrez has been relatively quiet drink water it's the area where the tackles are flying in the referee is having to make most of his decisions this one three kick Leicester it's the area where the tackles are flying in the referee is having to make most of his decisions this one three kick Leicester Mahrez drink water drink water drink water drink water here's a player with big boots to fill here's a player with big boots to fill Pappy Mendy 13 million pounds from Nice Pappy Mendy 13 million pounds from Nice the replacement for Angolo Conte the replacement for Angolo Conte Fuchs Fuchs now it's Vardy Danny Simpson Danny Simpson Vardy again Vardy again Vardy again Vardy again Vardy again Vardy again at the top Vardy again at the top With a foul Connor Robinson bounties bounties not ball not ball not ball rabbit blood my my death my death my death fate fate fate token token token token holding Liverpool one week and then the champions the next quick learning curve I know that sink or swim Walcott's header which was chased by Bellerin and who takes no chances Arsenal corner really have to decide what they're gonna do with these corners they've had a few bearing in mind Morgan and who don't very easily lose headers they've got decide what they're gonna do aim at certain areas hit near post corners little flick-ons just lumping it into the box around the penalty area suggest is not very good option Cthulhu Sanchez Monreal we had Morris for Leicester looking for body and Petr Cech read it well drink water tackle goes to the left Monreal Monreal Monreal Monreal Monreal Monreal Monreal Monreal Sanchez Oxlade-Chamberlain beginning to open up Mahrez this really significant catch by the tie line Mahrez question asked of referee Mark Clattenburg in that last Leicester attack Robert Huth well it was a great break from Mahrez put the ball into the box and Cech was straight off his line really good goalkeeping put the block on Vardy and it's what followed Mark Clattenburg give him credit he was right up with play and a really good view at it that's offside against Walcott so now we can examine and reflect on the biggest call of the match so far this is the ball from Mahrez to Vardy look at Cech straight off his line it's this one the little touch from Drinkwater say of two two replays now Koscielny is who slides in straight away saying no I didn't touch the player but he certainly didn't get anything on the ball and there's the two drink water the player and having a word with the referee just watch Koscielny's foot he gets something on it I think the referee got that right I'm賽 That's theージ Clardy Scott and Ryan he just makes fun of our pantalla O Vidiel one of his own the coach some adds up Clardy Cup introducing the winner isикrubo and Mendy wrestling Sanchez to the floor being called in for a lecture it's gonna be yellow card there's the throwing him to the ground that got the free kick was there and he just sort of three judo style to the ground anticipating one additional minute it's pumping it forward looking for body shows how difficult is for referees we have three replays of that and I still can't 100% got a touch on the ball or not or he took the players for Mark Clattenburg's got you know split second to make that decision yes he's a lot closer than I am but he hasn't seen three replays in slow motion Sanchez