a fifth consecutive victory both in their current sequence and against Burnley here's Mustafi and now Hector Bellerin yeah from Arsenal's point of view a lot of talk about intensity over the last week or so with that Chelsea game and then the Basel one they had it I know this is a different scenario playing against a very well drilled defensive lineup but they could do with a bit more of that intensity in their play in possession here's Mesut Ozil just about reach Alexi Sanchez clear there by Boyd now Hendrick this is Steven Ward the player you're looking for Arsene Wenger they've mentioned the need before this game to go into the international break on a high it feels like a long time without your players if you are to lose the game before this break partly got through that mental block it seemed of losing out in the break big matches last season but they did have a couple of pickups against so-called lesser teams a home loss to swansea a defeat at west brom we will be wary that kind of thing happening here stephen default now dean barney the former tottenham man great ball with which he reached matthew lowton this is keen lowton in towards folks have to take the first time yeah it's really difficult he's a good few yards past that near post i think he was trying to hook on over his shoulder towards the far corner it's been a lone battle quite often for sam vox just managed to get in front of koshelny but can't do the next bit the goalie scored against liverpool was the only goal in his premier league career which now extends to 33 matches with this appearance today it's cazorla shaka cazorla again walcott slid through to theo walcott i've got the riddle easy from the attentions of steven ward well-run back there by alexis sanchez if anybody's going to introduce that intensity it is alexis sanchez first with that ball to walcott and then nicking possession back again he can lift his teammates by doing that cazorla now erzil en esquire ursula zhaka iruobi wild dealt with the touch into the path of bellerin from this way through toutoj sanchos it's a good save managed to just about keep it under his body heaten yeah good instincts got the swing that way over and high down and high back three left in this game Anthony해�in jframes curtain down a two points his shooting the ball up to 29 the two points of defence anyone who bowled in져els, his players onlyственный teamwork and his players only winning consensus situation is a続 debating the numbers at least 2 from 3 to 2 to 4. reactions from the keeper as Arsenal got themselves into a 2v1 here for one of the first times this match and they mess it up actually but the bank of the ball very nearly leads to a goal just as you said he would be the man who could bring the required intensity certainly been on his game very good scoring form of late five in his last five starts just don't let him take a penalty Goodmanson Ozil Sanchez now Walcott and he's got a good chance of winning and he's got a good chance of winning no scares for Heaton from that one no scares for Heaton from that one here's some signs early on now that Arsenal's tempo has up to gear I'm sure Arsene Wenger would have been urging that at half time but Burnley again get plenty of them back he's getting hot and filosofical ever you has been made one, ноч 조심 yourself where's the atmosphere? the Patriot Lady just looks like he's just stepping on solo slip for the capital! 男 Hendrick. Very ambitious. Yeah, we have Matthew Loughton on the overlap to his right. He's really 40 yards out here. His first goal for the club from a little closer on Monday. One rung after he'd scored his first goal for Ireland in Belgrade. Here's Laurent Koscielny. Mustafi. Cazorla. Bellerin. Iwobi. Ursel. Again, Burnley getting plenty of bodies rounded at the edge of their own area. Making it so difficult to play through them. Yeah, they have got to use those wide areas better. Arsenal. If they're going to break... They're going to break down Burnley tonight. Here's Mustafi. Bellerin. Sanchez. Has used the width offered by Iwobi. Reuben tried to take it for himself and it doesn't even go for a goal kick, that one. Well, I don't know how he has got this so wrong. I'm assuming he's trying to find the top right-hand corner here, but a real shank. I hope I have right of cup lads don't shank the ball like that. That says it all. Inspiration from the Arsenal manager. I hope he's taunted by the home fans and you really have expected it after that. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Talking about those wide areas, I think they could stretch the pitch even more at times. I see Walker on the near side. It just comes out more to the touchline. Something Pep Guardiola does quite often. Gets two players hugging either touchline. Either it's him or Bellerin. And it's a two-point lead. Oh, that's great. Nice. there's Cazorla now Erzil Cazorla Bellerin Walcott Ward was committed Walcott just about kept it in wins a four out of Boyd given away by Walcott to Hendrick now Boyd Ward Ward Ward Hendrick Foulks Foulks Foulks Lodovic through Don Casiano from Schacker to Gerardi Padilla Iwobi now Sanchez Erzil Cazorla Come on! Cazorla a really patient game that Arsenal are playing by probing leaps to nothing as De Vos gets it away and now Burnley will aim to break if Oaks can win it back for them for Arsenal it's the kind of match in which you would want Olivier Giroud available because you can change his style a little bit then let's cut out the middle ground short in fitness terms and they're without Lucas Perez as well today because of a minor knee problem haven't actually got a striker on the bench there's Oaks who will be looking to assist this time for Sanchez it's Oaks who are trying to place it and in the end it comes back out to Walcott cleared by May and we had a chance but I'm surprised just before that that Sanchez didn't take it first time instead of laying it back Arsenal threat is glowing here's Ozil now Bellerin now Sanchez it's all lost track of it and it's cleared by Stephen Ward his wards Mane seeking out Goodmanson it's Oaks who have played ahead of him Jeff Hendrick Ozil Ozil Ozil way by Bellerin but only to George Boyd cleared by Mustafi yeah welcome bit of respite for the Burnley defenders that what they haven't had is too many chances to cross the ball into the box haven't had many set pieces Burnley Ward ball in towards Goodmanson who comes and Cech has to reach and turn it away well that was a a very cross and a decent one too from Goodmanson does ever so well with a header because it's hard to generate power on it it was caught and it almost fell to Hendrik and in the end it's Mustafi who gets it clear back in by Lothan now Mee Goodmanson's ball in touchdown for George Boyd Goodmanson's cross reached by Mustafi suddenly there's been a switch of pressure and it's all Burnley yeah a few more of those opportunities set pieces, corners, whatever a chance to get the ball in the box you can see Burnley caused Arsenal all sorts of problems and now they're gone and it's been a masterclass of defensive discipline anyway from Burnley just in the last few minutes they've started to carry more of a threat of their own and here's Bellerin trying to change the game in Arsenal's favour and here's Bellerin trying to change the game in Arsenal's favour and here's Bellerin trying to change the game in Arsenal's favour and here's Bellerin trying to change the game in Arsenal's favour and here's Bellerin trying to change the game in Arsenal's favour and Mee holds off Theo Walcott they do attack the ball really well Burnley could've dropped anywhere nearly dropped to Hendrik for Goldberg head to the ball taken driven in byulates pelting out looking for a bit of luck, but it does drop in your favour. Well, the first change of the day is going to be a Burnley one, and it's the Canadian Scott Arfield who's coming on in place of Stephen Defoe. Arfield's third appearance from the bench in four matches. There's only two goals in the Premier League, both come here and against opposition from London, Chelsea and Queen's Bar Rangers. Yeah, great goal. Opened down the season a couple of years ago, wasn't it, to pick for Arfield against Chelsea. There's Mane. Now Goodmanson. Boyd. Hendricks seeking out Matthew Loughton. It's beaten to it by Mustafi. Roby's control cleared by Monreal. And here's Ozil. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez taking out off the ball. It didn't lead to anything immediate for Arsenal, but... The referee just let it run anyway. Sanchez now back to his feet. Alex Iwobi. Monreal brings Sanchez back into play. Cleared by Keane. Arfield. Sanchez. There's Xhaka. discreet match up by Mane. Sanchez. Sanchez. Monreal. I'm sure Monre were showing them there. Well, it's catching, isn't it? So wasteful at times, Arsenal. Good positions. He did get clipped, Alexi Sanchez. That's what he's talking to the ref about. It was Di Mane, I think, as they crossed paths. And it's an intentional one. The ref seemed to have a good view. Gets away with it, Mane. On to Hendrik. Here's Mane. Lothar. Me. Good. Sanchez just giving Heaton a bit of a scare. Had to move his feet quickly there, the keeper. Lothar. Lothar. Better win. Xhaka. Now, Cazorla. Sanchez. Mustafi. Now they are trying to rescue it. Iwobi. Sanchez. Fired across by Bellerin. Dealt with, though, by Stephen Ward. You gain confidence from this, from shutting out a team like Arsenal. At the England manager, Martial Miguel. Ba普s! But Not梅 screwdriver. A great pass by Ba proper over the body, Principally at the beginning. But Baba senses something is off, And Now this is the member of the team. And This particular 바리 που This particular lamb button is The presentation. Between side The press look very good. De Bruyne with the sense. De Bruyne with the sense. and then claiming it, Heaton left a bit of a calling card on Alexis Sanchez yeah nothing wrong with the interception from the keeper Monreal that's Mane Mustafi Bellerin this is Monreal to Iwobi for someone who plays as a central striker he comes a lot deeper than you normally expect to see someone in that role playing yeah he's just trying to get things going he's just trying to get things going he's just trying to get things going he's just trying to get things going isn't he dropping off and turning I wonder how long it will be before Arsene Wenger makes a substitution he's unfortunate in that he hasn't got Giroud or Perez talk about Arsenal's lack of plan B so often but he is handicapped a little bit today but he is handicapped a little bit today but he is handicapped a little bit today but I think he's going to play a bit better than he has in the last few games but he is handicapped a little bit today but he is handicapped a little bit today he's probably his foremost option you'd imagine so yeah he's probably his foremost option you'd imagine so yeah there's a couple coming up I think he's a couple coming up I think he's a couple coming up Here's Ward. Harfield. Cazorla. There's a bettering. May. Boyd. Turn for Mane. Finds Harfield. Keane. Hendrick. Of course he only read it well. Tries to get Arsenal in a prominent attacking position and Sanchez has found Theo Walcott. Took it too far in front of Ozil though. Yeah, you need to drag that shot more than he actually did because he's got to get it. It was a poor effort but Ozil might have got a toe on it if he'd have pulled it a touch more. Coming down Nene and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain both coming on. Xhaka and Iwobi, the two players that Arsene Wenger has removed. He's had some good days this season, Iwobi, but this wasn't one of them. Moved ahead of Oxlade-Chamberlain really, hasn't he? And if that's not going to perk up this lad, nothing will. Coming on brings him the 200th game of his club career, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. He's won both the previous matches he's played against Burnley. Here he is, the best player yet of his career here at the carvel. We're going to see the total count of this season when he looks back on it looks like He needs to make a difference here if Arsenal RT keep that winning streak going. The doublehook to Orton's double prefer film Feel Walcott moving to the left now. Oxlade-Chamberlain on the right. aiented his batht Jap moving towards Sanchez. Out I think Ian Orton directly to Arsene. Here comeından. Wall Elneny. Koscielny. Kozula. Now Walcott. Monreal. Just sliding in Kozula, inviting enough ball, which Ming was hoping to strike to safety, but ends up giving away a corner. Maybe. Yeah, a little unlucky. Just need to get a bit more height on that clearance, Nick. The Arsenal fans are now beyond the goal, appealing for handball. But it was really drilled at Michael Keane. And they've tried to catch him on the hot-by, playing it back to Elneny. And it gave him a lot of ground there to try and make up to get to the ball, but he's run another corner out of it. Very good. Keane. Nice. Oh! Good one! Good one! Get in there! Good man. Doesn't get it in by Keane. Back in from Kozula. Here we go! Mireille. Sanchez! It was one of those that sometimes can be really difficult to time, the connection, but he did that really well, coming down from the sky. Good. he's so close to opening the score in here rare bit of space and time in the box for an Arsenal player oh noticeably close for Alexi Sanchez visitors have carried more of the threat in front of goal and Sting has yielded anything meaningful for them well the Burnley fans understand clapping that because they can see an opportunity coming here got themselves a corner two centre halves coming up for it good lincolns kick oh and it's off the woodwork back in towards vokes i think i had the initial attempt as well well it was a magnificent climb for michael keane it really was got himself a goal on monday he very nearly got his second there gets up early every time i've managed to get those good quality balls in caused arsenal problems here's bellarin now el nene that's laid chamberlain because all that there's a lot of foul by our field well certainly within shooting distance they've been so disciplined in their challenges burnley haven't given away many free kicks around the box so so i hope we see a few minutes of ms theança It's Urzu. And a ball. Jessica's job. Yeah. A jump in wall. Something we didn't see at Goodison Park Friday night. It's Crystal Palace's cost. It's Crystal Palace's cost. It's Crystal Palace's cost. It's Crystal Palace's cost. It's Crystal Palace's cost. It's Crystal Palace's cost. A drive by Mustafi. Communication breakdown with Bellerin. There's Ben Lee. Now Arfield. Hendrick. He really does manage from that touchline coach moving his players about for the whole 90 minutes. There he is. The one who's used to upsetting the odds. Arsene Wenger's first season in England was the same one in which he got to the semi-finals of the FA Cup with Chesterfield. Boyd does such a good job defensively. Really lets you down when he's asked to shuffle back. He's had to do a fair bit of that with Bellerin on that side. What's he won today? George Boyd. He's got a lot of time. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. He's got to be playing well. Half a dozen losses against Arsenal. What's an FA Cup final with Hull? There's Vokes. Missed kick by him which carries for Theo Walcott. Sanchez. Walcott losing out to Mane. And here's Goodmanson who's short of support to his left at the moment though it is coming. Arfield. Mane now Matthew Loughton why not just swing one in with his left foot there four waiting for it Koscielny moves for the back header Koscielny is on inning veteran L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny L. Denny Sanchez here's Cazorla L. Sanchez with the ball across to Urzel by Ward cleared by Alfie L. Sanchez L. Sanchez with the ball across to Urzel Mustafi back from Ozil to Ocle Chamberlain Ozil's ball in it's cleared by Michael Keane Sanchez a show to measure back to Dean Marnie he's got to do some work Dean Marnie as they all have put his foot in on many occasions down there veteran by Vokes and again they're chasing it down the cross he was always going to get by Baring Sanchez Marnie again he's the one who breaks it all up and leads the Burnley charge here's Ward Mee would be a great point for Burnley even though they're at home off the back of that win over Watford Monday night given away by Mee here's Mee here's Mee here's Mee here's Mee Mesa definitely be feeling like two points dropped for Arsenal he hasn't had so much of the play but his team haven't quite been at it today a reminder that Sky Sports one you'll be able to remain right across all the developments currently Haydn City 6, Speaker 3 Arminda now nine in shape, two by one at the Ryder Cup tonight from seven o'clock графical behind for Goodmanson Lotham back off Monreal and again well played by the full back good positioning for Monreal here's Goodmanson Lothans cross headed clear by Mustafi and then cleared by Oxlade-Chamberlain still feels delicately poised this but Arsenal with four up joined now by 50-NOXLADE-Chamberlain as they try to slug it through the Ozil Sanchez has won it back from our field and Walcott tries to place one don't know how close this was but Tom Heaton for sure was scrambling across thinking he might be in trouble with this Walcott effort not far away at all good this is going to be a day of ultimate frustration here for Arsenal who were spying the possibility of closing the gap on the leaders Manchester City after their slip up earlier but it won't be much of a closure if it stays this way Mustafi has gone down holding his face yeah a clash with an aerial challenge with Sam Vokes he's cut his forehead my initial reaction was that there wasn't much in it Vokes maybe just caught him with his arm I think it was an intentional elbow and I see here and it came across it's not a real movement of the elbow to do his man I don't think but he's less than happy he's going to have to go off for a brief period at least and he's certainly had plenty to say to the referee and he's showing his scars now to the fourth official Lee Mason Sil رمان looking to 있는데요 and it's a series is coming up one way or another a Ozil Oxlade-Chamberlain driven through straight to Arfield now Vokes Ward some tired legs from the Burnley players now I think, not many trying to support that long ball up there's Ozil Ozil just by Bellerin Oxlade-Chamberlain took on the header there's Goodminson Lothan in trouble Ozil has brushed him aside and sets it up for Theo Walcott no bodies on the line to block it Ozil finally being urged over the line now by their home support point would be a far better result for them than the visitors yet would they do give every ounce of effort every game there's Burnley lads on it they've got to if they're going to keep their heads above water in this league Ozil Ozil Ozil Ozil Bellerin. There's his ball in. Cleared by Meal. Now Mustafi. Here's Walcott. Kozola. Ozil. Sanchez looking for Monreal. It's away by Goodlinson. They've drawn all their resources back now. Burnley. Trying to hold on to what they have. Which would be a very good point. Must break for Walcott. Appeals for a handball there. As it's kicked away by Meal in the end. Yeah, popped up on Michael Keane. Not for the first time. It was that earlier one. Blake Chamberlain. Now Ozil. Bellerin. Burnley with two more minutes to hold out. Sanchez. Good block. Romano has been outstanding in protecting the back line. Ozil. Great back。 Miney. rushing behind Overlshoots. If they make it. In the totality to או. Come on down to Pauls yolk. Wanna be the parallel. Come on. To Kekspiel. Papa. Jay-Z! Come on! Come on! Come on! There's a try to drop one in for Oxlade-Chamberlain, it's back across the wall to Walcott. He gets his buddy in the way. Too many more chances left as the corner is taken. Lennig just rolls it across. Cazorla seeks out, Scobran, Mustafi, Mee on the stretch clears. Bellerin, Arsenal throwing everything at this now, Mustafi's cross. Those two centre-halves for Burnley have been immense. Keane and Mee. Full-back for Oxlade-Chamberlain. And it's deflected behind. There's... Another nervous few seconds left for Burnley yet. Well it has been a defensive masterclass how to keep a team like Arsenal out with all their talent and ability. But maybe one more job to do here for the home team. Corner played short. Crossed by Alexis Sanchez. And it's been bundled in right in the very last second. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain taking the credit. An absolutely incredible moment. And it is the sort of thing that you do see champions do. Well it is the sort of thing you look back on at the end of a season and go, wow, what a big win that was. At the end of a difficult, hard, hard game. I think one or two appeals from Burnley players was to the little handball in here. He pops up, off Cachelle in his arm. And... It's a good one. But he didn't know anything about it. But it makes a huge difference. How many times has an Arsenal head got there first in the box? Not many at all. But Walcott does that. Walcott of all people getting his head to the ball. Of course it does come off the arm of Cachelle. Frank Poole.