Well, they've had 15 minutes to talk about what's been done to them by Mourinho's plan, it's up to Jürgen Klopp himself and his players to come up with a kind of solution that will open Manchester United up, which they really didn't do at all in the first half A lot of unforced errors in the first 15-20 minutes Nervy, that comes from the goalkeeper a little bit Playing a little bit out from the back, Lovren, Matty, the goalkeeper, I have to say when you've got a goalkeeper that you haven't got faith in It's the first time I've seen Karius, his first 45 minutes and he's had to do a lot to convince me He's very early in his Liverpool career but he does look a little bit shaky Rashford waiting for Valencia and a bit of room to push forward into and he's making up that challenge by Matty That's the key, every second ball United have been backing up play really well, Herrera and Fellaini One header this time by Matty Again that second ball is collected by Simeone Smalling Only 23, Karius started the last three games Lovren And now it's the first half Coutinho who feels the capability to increase this game a bit more than he did in the first half Young again with that sense of discipline in the right position to clear Good work from Ashley Young Fully justifying his selection so far, just his defensive work isn't doing much going forward Certainly, everything that's been asked of him going back the way Matty pressed into an over-hit pass, just in the right position to deal with what was a threatening cross You can see looking over his shoulder, just getting in there To a really good position to hook clear And Bojanovic collected by Pogba Herrera running out against Firmino Valencia, that's before Milner, sorry It's 50-50, United are winning, they're just getting the ball in the back of their heads Rashford Rashford going on A bit of a candle And the announcer who could get sent off once here in his Wigan days Nothing too sinister On that occasion And that's a terrible mistake Which in the end the flag has gone up And Martin Martin is still trying to complicate his game He's young He doesn't want to labour the point because he is young and making his way in the game He's not comfortable He doesn't really want it here No, it's not one for him this And in the first half, he's offside But again, that does not help Martin when you've got a goalkeeper The rest of the team just runs right the way through that fear, that anxiety And he's still trying to complicate his game He's in that sort of panicky one Who's on? Who's on? Simon Mignolet The most interested spectator This was The regular Last season And before that even They're out of sorts, Liverpool Whether it's nerves or Manchester United's approach They can play it much, much better than you're seeing them play And they're not going to be playing in action here in this much-heralded Monday night fixture He looks angry when you watch out Early early clock at the start of the second half Milner Baez Woutman only as far as Sturridge Firmino Sturridge Three trying to combine there It's an attempt to thread it through for Mane Henderson holding off Pogba which takes a bit of doing Captain trying to inject some purpose and pace into Liverpool's play Rashford Split her off the mark then Milner His main job was to prevent the corner Here's Mane recomp unsettling Again Mal threatening sana Again himself Lasted E plane Fred Gapas Crawley Until This ju T It seems it got away with someone Jan San Est flavour I suppose as the half wears on if it stays like this the change would be coming if you want to turn the draw into a win or risk losing He'll wait He knows that one moment will come Fine I think the defenders have been doing it They're still continuing to make mistakes with the build They do look nervous Surprising that They've been so slick for him They've been so slick for him and Herrera even with a hurt on his heels he should have made the run through There was a bit of room for Coutinho who is further forward They might have to do that Liverpool to break the game open Both second balls in midfield Herrera for Lainey and dominated in goes Valencia Coutinho didn't play in either of the Premier League games last season and Liverpool really missed him One through suspension One through suspension and here through injury and here through injury and here through injury It's been more difficult for him tonight Coutinho to get into those pockets of space in between the opposition right back and centre back when he's been playing in the higher up position when he's been playing in the higher up position He's not been as effective The dynamic of the team has changed The dynamic of the team has changed with Lallana and Wijnaldum not there and Bologna stopping there and Bologna stopping there making a quick free kick making a quick free kick You just wonder what Adam Lallana's got in him after this groin injury fit enough to be named on the bench fit enough to be named on the bench Making sure that groin is particularly warmed up with that kind of exercise particularly warmed up with that kind of exercise I'd be tempted Jürgen Klopp I'd certainly want to risk him but the fact that he's on the bench he must be there to be used he must be there to be used Firmino trying to make it his Firmino trying to make it his Pogba Pogba Pogba French international again looking for Ibrahimović looking for Ibrahimović What a chance What a ball, what a chance What a ball, what a chance What a ball, what a chance He really got the header wrong His kind of territory His kind of opportunity He overcooked it He overcooked it He overcooked it but his best moment of the match. You expect more from him. That's enough to bring Lallana up the touchline. Now the risk that Jurgen Klopp has to take. Ten minutes almost gone in the second half and Liverpool still haven't really got out of second gear. Steve, gritted. Lallana, Lallana, Lallana, Lallana. Fellaini, snapped away by Lovren. Lovren again. Probably would have been offside. Liverpool suffer for the goal kick. Lovren, who's been a great player, started the second half capably and really had the chance to take the lead, Manchester United, but Adam Lallana sent on to try and make the difference. These moments don't help. I always think that's a strange law. You just get yourself out of jail by stepping into the penalty area for a retake. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now Clyde. Limited opportunities to attack from right back. Mane. Limited opportunities for Liverpool to attack full-stop. Mane is up, losing his balance and the ball. That's Travis Herrera. It was furious Herrera. It feels like he pulled out of the challenge. He's right as well. Chance for Coutinho. A little bit. A little bit. Too far out. He's liking. Marginally nearer than that one early in the match for Ibrahimovic. Too badly skied. But they've been so short of shots. Liverpool and they might. Avail themselves here of the opportunity at least to work David de Gea. Maybe set up to try and get the shot. Delivered a bit closer but. It didn't work out and. Adam Lallana. Is a man with a mission here. Liverpool made his invention. Liverpool. Liverpool. It's been badly missed so far. Jan. Mane. Watched by Baye. Had to get that right. Remember he was booked late in the first half. Along with the protesting Ashley Young. Henderson. Maybe escaped. The booking. He's one yellow card. Incidentally away from the suspension. Jan. Matty. Jan still going. It's a point stop. By David de Gea. Has hardly had anything to do tonight. But he was up to the task then. As Manchester United were caught out by a. A bulldozing piece of play from. Emery Chan. And here's Coutinho. Looking for a one two with Firmino. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Daniel . go pin off lets . arise the ahh ui would be. It's going to get for me up front and get the. In that central striking position and get Coutinho back on that left-hand side. He's been his best this season They've gone back to the exciting from three from Senegal and South America I Did that by Smalling I'm thinking about taking it quickly but a bit of a bluff really because I'm taking too much quickly I think it's stupid from chance for giving the free kick away The local need at that point was to stop stop the game to be great By Fellaini Ibrahimovic By Liverpool standards, it's been a tepid first two thirds, but they've got the chance to really hot it up His guns the Spaniard and stuck to his man From the club When if the line really Where is he gonna come on small It's still some zip into the play. There's nothing that more energy a little bit quicker David a Works his way through The grabbing at him. He's small. He's got a hold of his shirt for a long long time Brilliant say Just going to get a shower with his left foot not one appeal from Chandler So hold of him Is extraordinary what David the hair is done for Manchester United game after game Used a wonderful say, but he might have something serious to do here I'm starting to win the ball higher at the pitch more energy Doing things in two minutes, but they haven't been doing in the last hour Hummers pretty quick Tino Mane and for me all of a sudden the linking They're closer together There's a lot more difficult again for United's defenders all of a sudden You can see the complexity for Jurgen Klopp Daniel storage is a fine talent and a fantastic finisher Certainly one who's always pushing to start doesn't always Get to start when there are injuries Promoted him Is more the energetic? Liverpool now to see the game'szeve changed Coutinho Mane Tussauds with Valencia needs a bit of help in the end it's the runs Firmino making those little diagonal runs down to the channel sacrificing himself for his teammates he's not a conventional central striker in the manner of Ibrahimovic shall we say no but when he makes those runs and the second one comes in behind it which has happened so many times for Liverpool this season clear space Liverpool looking more likely more lively Pogba he's pressed into the poor ball forward I'd say Mourinho's mind will be ticking here does he stay with it does he stick or twist his line up and are the signs that a little bit of concern for him Dudley Lunna as always a willing lieutenant he didn't win that against Coutinho defied logic well second ball and they're going to swing a little bit it's Liverpool's time can they take advantage of it Firmino Lallana now Milner Coutinho Coutinho's getting into those spaces it's so difficult to pick up in that left channel United's right side just there Herrera not quite getting across this time then the runs are away Lallana Westmoreland desperately Westmoreland was a bit off balance wasn't it looked as though he would get there first not bad by A but some pushing spotted it's interesting Manchester United haven't had a corner when we talked at the start about Liverpool being weak defending corners United United United having the height we've got to play with a bit more ambition to get corners whether Jose Mourinho think a point here is a good result a chance to get level on points with Liverpool if they win the danger of being six points behind them if they lose it's all the balancing act for the manager thinking now game has turned little bit this last six minutes Manchester United won the last two Premier League games at Anfield 2-1 last season 1-0 Fellaini hit the bar really knocked in the rebound here's Firmino some shouts damaging challenge there's no there's no an appeal for Liverpool just go over the top a little bit Pogba with his left foot there and even in slow motion it's not quite a difficult spot on is it so the referee calling it equal he's just trying to get his foot over the ball and ends up just catching James Milner's foot we've gone on a tenth fate here Gary but we're three quarters away through the game and Anthony Taylor we haven't mentioned any of that stuff at the staff about where he lives and some of the managers were saying about him he's just got on with the job and he's probably alright so far Rashford Manchester United trying to reassert themselves here Rashford trying to reassert themselves here and the Herrera and the Herrera he showed him earlier this morning there before Firmino and the sling and the sling quickly decision fair enough ref Anthony Taylor did ask me who Altrin and his team when we got in the FA Cup first round draw had got Lincoln City or Guiseley away that's who he supports not Manchester United Altrin of course as you all know is close to Manchester a bit of a hopefully a stall in the teacup all that pre-game business about the ref Lallana Henderson back Lallana's way again he can't blame him he has to be very capable he has to be very capable become a very capable right back successor to Gary Neville he's done well there's no doubt about that City game at home that first 45 minutes was a real test for him De Bruyne making those runs in his channel but he's done well to adapt from being a right sided midfield player here the right winger to a right back I think it's James Milner another one who's adapted to playing at left back opposite him 20 minutes to go one of those first goal wins it games really Mane Klein Henderson he's been a very good defender he's played at half-time it's been a great start for him he's been a great centre fielder and he's been a great centre fielder I mean he's got a lot of great players he's played at half-time he's got a lot of great players I think it's a very important thing a good game I think it's a very important thing to think where's the counter-attack there's an obvious one No Martial he's got a lot of good players I think it's so deep look where Rashford is he's got his own 18 yard box and Ashley Young on the opposite side he's so far away from a counter-attack at the moment Very nearly the moment of the match, Coutinho suddenly pulling the trigger and David de Gea flinging himself to his left, somehow reaching it. Going with his opposite hand David de Gea, thought it was past him. United dropping up, not really getting close to anybody and allowing Coutinho to have that shot. Coutinho corner. Liverpool wanting a free kick and then... United United get a free kick. Milner, face down, not moving. Rashford down with cramp, James Milner down with a head injury. Rashford cramping up at the end of it as well. There's a clash of heads. There have been two fantastic saves from David de Gea in this second half. When I think about this one for me, as he goes late, I thought is he going to stick his hand up? You think he's going to go with his left hand and all of a sudden his right hand appears above his head. That's a good save. David Klopp appreciating the save a bit more than the manager whose goalkeeper made it. But I must say they've been very self-contained, the two bosses in the dugout. There's plenty of potential for friction, shall we say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's just unusual. The ball is in clear hands. You got eight however, David De Gea. Yes. Don't take care of it. adoxically what they want to see. A silicone clip. It's over. Underground Congressman. Eh! No, don't take it. Come on! No it's back on. . No, come on... Come on! . Valencia cleared by Lovren 10 by Ibrahimovic oh and Blind has slipped and Mane is away and Manchester United could be in trouble here Firmino the rescue package in the shape of Eric Bailly for United he's done so well now back by Matic chance they won his feet when Blind didn't Milner and it's going to take a slip like that one by Blind for this Manchester United resistance to be broken and now by Fellaini only as far as Henderson and forced into reverse this one is trying to get his back four up the pitch and not drift back towards that cup end Mane had it back from Lallana and it comes for Coutinho cleared by Blind and again Pogba Pogba and Camino's offside and it's a good pass from Lallana so tight this is a good position just inside there Blind not playing offside but he ends up just it's Rooney time and you think it'll be Rashford getting cramped on that far side when he's on the right hand side he'll do that against Manchester City in the second half Rashford will probably be the player going off here's Valencia Rashford just lurching on the edge of the area a bit behind him in the end by Valencia now Fellaini Pogba Hinover and a good touch and this time Manchester United stopped by the offside flag well the Liverpoolian who grew up supporting and then playing for Everton never disguised his lack of love for Liverpool FC rather exacerbated the opinion of the Liverpool fans towards him by signing for Manchester United all those years ago and he rubbed their noses in it in this fixture last season and he got the winner at the end but they are attacking here there he goes straight swap he's chasing back Rooney to help curb Milner from United's perspective he's going to have to do that job Rashford and Young have done it so well for 77 minutes staying with the full backs Lallana it could be in Liverpool here it's Klein who has the shot Martinho was thinking that he'd run into space to let fly but that space was denied him in the end that'll wake Wayne Rooney up first run from James Milner just getting to the side of him Matip Lovren Lovren possession again spins it out to Milner Bailly deals with the cross then Smalling Chandler to miss it and Bojanovic slightly risky challenge come on go go go go go Mourinho calling for more out on the pitch Jordan Henderson calling for more for Liverpool anyone got it in them to go and score a winner bit of quality be the Monday night main man to have their name in the headlines headlines of the Tuesday newspapers it's whether the risk is in the players or whether they just settle Matip Martinho loses out Pogba Matip Matip Martino Matip Pogba Pogba Matip Matip Matip Matip Matip Matip Matip Matip Matip Rooney again Valencia certainly not settling for the draw here and it's one that Ibrahimovic was looking to locate and Emre Can was aware of that and covered a lot of ground actually to make the header Manchester United have a corner their first it's taken 80 minutes this is a weakness of Liverpool I've seen a lot of goals from set pieces Fellaini could have made a bit more of it got the header Chan let him run behind him got free even amidst those that's not marking, that's not really tight he blocked Chan he blocked Chan Chan blocked him once let me ask you this question Gary do you think Manchester United could have come here and been more ambitious you could always say yes but I think that the state of play before the game I think that expecting that Liverpool were going to fly out of the blocks I think Manchester United's game plan is to stop that and then try and go on from there it hasn't quite happened Ibrahimovic header is a big moment I think Manchester United's game plan hopefully Jose Mourinho's ever going to come here tonight and be expansive at the moment if you shake down 80 minutes you've got the Ibrahimovic header and two great David De Gea saves yeah and here's Matic those are two clubs in their heydays who've scored so many late goals to turn draws into wins Mane found it hard to be a real influence in the game and he's picked he's got a free kick Mourinho's not away with the ball as he thought free kick taken quickly by Lovren to Mane concentration again is a factor for the defensive side of both teams Chad Coutinho still wriggling and jiggling and trying to find a way through Milner it's come all the way to Nathaniel Clyne twice that Wayne Moose let James Milner go he has to stay with him it is a lapse in concentration that is going to cost the team it's a long time away from home to keep the discipline to keep the organization without letting the opposition have a really clear-cut chance even chance although it's from closer range always squeeze through bodies and it's a good chance to get the ball the ball is in the net it's a fantastic challenge by Valencia that's another highlight in the match to be truthful what a tackle by Valencia what a tackle brilliant from Coutinho little backflip through was incredible there the best bit of quality in the final third of the match and Valencia initially just outside of Firmino gets back in and Valencia is in the lead again and they have a toe on the ball and that's it away brilliant from the full-back stretch for both the Brazilians who combined there and very nearly decided the match in Liverpool's favour what a magic Coutinho's touch just maybe cut back across two fouls that's being critical because he was brilliant defending he just takes it towards maybe a little bit straighter with his left foot and maybe Antonio Valencia can't get back in Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle Coutinho's tackle at this time Almeida Coutinho got before Bmannes Almeida got before Bmannes and someone when penalty and someone when penalty another sort of again second second for second for الس for Lo. is well runoff playing really on that far side is believe that cut the take James Miller of with five minutes ago risked for a no he has been injured he's looking Miller Klein Suillen he's by Matthew lal сосado Remy faces up to it. Morena didn't show any inclination to take on. United substitute. As Remy is these days. All games in a row. Henderson. Origi. Morena, two substitutes. Working here. Remy, transfer. He didn't have his time. He's getting his foot in on Origi. A chance to go level on points with the leaders. Doesn't look as though it's going to happen. A chance for Manchester United to go level on points with Liverpool. Doesn't look as though it's going to happen. But you never know in the Premier League. In the closing stages. All the foreign managers who come here say, well, we can kill games off in the countries that we've left. But here in England it's a different matter. Young. Stopped by Clyne. Here's Fellaini. Manchester United playing their way around. The Liverpool press turn. Young. Now there have been plenty of games between these two great clubs like this down the years. It's always been taught. Football hasn't always been able to be the winner. It's been fiercely contested. It's certainly still got the potential for a moment which will be chronicled in the annals of this famous fixture. But we are running out of time for that to happen. Henderson. Nearly joined Manchester United once upon a time. And they left Sunderland. A quick reminder of what's coming up next Sunday. Manchester City against Southampton. That's the first of a little double helping of Premier League fare. And Jose Mourinho now goes off to Stamford Bridge. They've got a game against Pernambuco in the Europa League in between. And they'll be planning for that challenge as soon as that's over. The TD can see this as a chance of a goal. There's Greeting to Kали Pelin seeing six of the lodging to Doubal. And that's very challenging to see. All was played forward by the now booked Fatah Ibrahimovic. He's yet to write the number down and the name. Mm. the advantage and pulled it back Anthony Taylor man of the match Gary Neville well I think there were between two I think De Gea made a couple of great saves but I don't think that's been the story of the match think for me Herrera in midfield for United has been the best player in the first half won all the second balls took the sting out of the game controlled the tempo I think his defensive work's been really good he's been United's best player he's the man of the match three added minutes Bohemovic force in the cross one-way banter from the crowd Fellaini a good pressing by Manchester United this time Liverpool couldn't get themselves out of that corner and Fellaini must have heard the whistle and he did whack the ball away but he's come in and played the sort of role that you expect from him the you say that about the way Jose Mourinho set up his team he's got the performance that he would have wanted Jose Mourinho not the result I think when you set up like they have been all night please a lot of people Luke Shaw was very disappointed not to be starting tonight so you just have to walk over the other side the piss so he had a look that's enough an old trick and rather than obvious one that tells you the sort of mentality of way he's not happy but he did risk actually going off with a second yellow card to his name by that he's played his part says well done first Premier League start remember since this fixture last January sure anxious to reclaim his place sure straightaway called into action Henderson still time going back is not what the Anfield faithful want absolutely crazy his goalkeeper