and what looked like a hamstring problem saw him replaced by David Ospina that's the only change we've had though Olivier Giroud was out there warming up at half-time and the other Arsenal substitutes, he'll be an option for them and look at Arsenal in hopes of finishing in the top four yet again for the 20th successive season under Arsene Wenger qualifying for the Champions League and the goal in league terms for them this must win sadly he'll afford to drop too many points after three defeats in their last four Premier League games and Fletcher is back there for West Brom here's Livermore and he's got the ball for the pitch to deny Arsenal Cardi Makeup There are there particularly fruitful afternoons so far against the Cameroon international Alon Neon Andy will be a good chance for him to prove a point to the England manager of the recent squad. Hasn't really had a chance to do that yet, has he? His performance has been one-dimensional, it's been easy to deal with. Ne-Om had, not from McLean as well, doubling up. Every time Helcurt gets the ball, he looks nervous. He doesn't look sharp at all, he's not chopping and changing his position, as Sanchez is on the left-hand side, so he's very easy to deal with for a full-back. The Arsenal front three, as you like, continues in the second half with Welbeck through the middle. That's the lead, Sanchez. Chadley clears. Doing well to hold it up, he's had a very isolated role at times this afternoon. Salomon Ronda. West Brom do have Rob Sincana on the bench, and eventually Rondon will run out of steam because it's a thankless task playing that lone striker role when you're having so little of the ball and you're having to chase down defenders all the time. And he's got a very good shot, but he's got to be able to get it in. Ramsey. Sanchez is up against Borst. West Brom get a great kick. As soon as that ball bounces, he gets touch-tight with Sanchez. One thing you can't allow him to do is take the ball under his spell and give him space to operate in. See how tight the right-back is. A good battle between those two. I'm sure it's going to continue in this second half. And set the ball rolling. Craig Dawson, who's discovered the goal-scoring habit a little later in the season than the man he plays alongside most weeks. Gareth McCauley. Six Premier League goals. His best ever tally. Talking about taking another year's contract, Gareth McCauley, which we're taking at the age of 38. Gareth McCauley. Gareth McCauley. Dawson-Ryles comfortably ahead of Ljelbeck. Fletcher. Service towards Ljelbeck. More quality than we've just seen there. You can't just lump it forward with Dawson. I'm going to call it the fact they're going to deal with everything that's over here. Ramsey. Ramsey. Ramsey. A bit more movement from Walsh. Which came a little too late for him to play him in. Let's not again look to Alexis Sanchez. Provide the spark. Provided the equaliser. The staffie must be tempted to take it on. And so he rolls it to Bellerin. Get it out! Get it out! Thought about playing the ball. Played the man. And neither worked out particularly well for him. I don't see this happening now for Arsenal. The Shoney on the staffie stepping out from the back. Maybe limited to double up in the wide areas and get some service into the box. Walcott. Relative across the face of the goal. No one had to get on the end of it though. For the first time we see Walcott get the ball out of his feet. He's got a little bit of a dangerous ball into the six-yard box. But no one in a yellow shirt is anticipating the quality ball he's going to play in. It's like Chamberlain finds Alexis Sanchez. Lyon just paused, hesitated for a moment. Nearly caused trouble. Can't get it away. Looped up towards Sonam and Rondon. Who's too strong for Monreal. Out. Now Johnny Evans. Brunt on the overlap. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. Rondon just wide. The one thing you can't do with Chris Brunt is allow him to get the ball out of his feet and deliver, because you know the quality is going to be in there. I see Bellerin's got a step closer to him. Far too easy. It's a brilliant ball in. Spina can't come off his line and deal with it. He's under some pressure here, Rondon. It's the only thing, the pressure from Kishelny, that means he doesn't get a clean contact on it. So, the way for Sonam and Rondon goes on in all competitions, it's thirteen games since that Patrick against Swansea. . Ramsey. Oxlade-Chamberlain. . . Sanchez, crowded out initially. Sanchez looking for Montmarré, probably did his job well on that occasion. The weight of that forward ball had been better, Chadley again was caught square, caught ball watching, just about manages to get back and get his foot on the ball, but he's got to really switch on. A curious, deep conversation with Raul Santana just down below us, I wonder if he's gonna send on the Welsh in, to international sooner rather than later. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Valerie. That's the return from Alexis Sanchez. Shaka after the side. Arsenal corner, Shaka will take. beweev Bottleneck. Gepphomme, road up. Marseille's chicken sass. Here it is. Once again acne for a few, the 很 Encore. for the most part has been a serial substitute. It starts at Everton, that was only his second Premier League start, he's gonna come on and replace Salomon Rondon. There's a shake of the head from Rondon, not sure whether he's unhappy about coming off or carrying an injury, because I expected this change, but it's very early in the second half to make it. APPLAUSE He heads off straight down the tunnel, Salomon Rondon. Not cutting a particularly happy figure. Sam Karnu getting straight into the thick of things, tussling with Laurent Kachami. FANS ROAR Neon. Off the shoulder of Ellery. Had a shaka. Arsenal having even more possession than they did in the first half, it's about turning that dominance in terms of possession into opportunities, and so far in the second half, Foster hasn't made a save. Sam Karnu doing well as Mustafi got caught under the cloud of the ball. McLean. Here's Chadli, looking over the top, clever ball, can't find McLean, the speeder! McLean leaves it and it's rolled in by Hal-Rof Sanghanou. The flag stayed down, Arsenal were looking for an offside decision, it's a West Brom goal, they're back in front. Sometimes you get the break with the ball, and what a substitution this has proved to be from Tony Pulis. We'll see if there's gonna be a change, though. Goal! Give-and. It is really positive play, McLean coming in field, laying the ball off, making his run. Not like Bellerin had done his job and actually tracked him all the way back. This is clever play from McLean, rather than go on the outside, a little give-and-go on the inside. Bellerin tracks him, certainly onside when the ball is played. Arsenal defensively make it a hash of things, and there is nothing wrong with that goal, absolutely nothing wrong with it. Again on the counter-attack, West Brom so, so effective, but defensively, Arsenal all over the place. 74 seconds after coming onto the pitch, how Robson Kanu gets his first goal for West Brom, here at the Hawthorns. The first since that screamer at Southampton towards the end of the calendar year, 2016. As far as Arsenal are concerned, the storm clouds gathering again, staring down the barrel of a third successive away Premier League defeat. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Time to put it right. Plenty of that, but up against it once again. It's all about being effective in possession, Arsenal bags the possession, Ben Foster with that save to make. One shot on target from West Bromwich Albion, they take the lead. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Chaka looking for Walcott, out behind the clay. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Ramsey. He's come around and dealt with him initially, but will need to go back now. This is Monreal. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Mustafi. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Bellerin, up through the gears. Evans away as far as Oxlade-Chamberlain. 2-1 is the scoreline that they succumbed to here last season. It was a Mikel Arteta-owned goal that proved to be the decisive factor on that occasion. Mustaphae. Ospina should do a lot more, should take everything with him here. Take McLean, take the defender, and importantly take the ball. Is it strong enough? It ends up in the back of the net. Long Arsenal faces, but still over half an hour to play here. James McLean actually did well. To lift his foot, with a temptation to not get out of the way or to touch the ball. Had he done so, it would have been a different story. He did really well in the build-up to the goal. Normally he'd take the ball at his feet, and he's left-footed, trying to get that ball in. But there's no one in the box who came back in field rather than just play it and stop. He actually played it and then was on the move. He dragged Bellerin with him. Now Rob Sincarnu. Darren Fletcher's the most advanced there for West Brom. For Sean McLear. Thumbs up from Fletcher, it's a brilliant ball from Chris Brunt, just played into an area for Fletcher to get on the end of. Makes it so hard for Arsenal to defend, they can't clear their lines easily. West Brom can keep possession of the ball high up the field. Hooked in by McLean. Hooked in by McLean. Mourinho nearly took it away from Bellerin. Only Xhaka. Long ball looking for Welbeck. West Brom enjoying a good spell out. Rob Sincarnu trying to turn around the corner for Chadli. FANS ROAR Well, against that point in the game, Arsene Wenger surely has to be thinking about making changes. Welbeck and Walcott have been pretty ineffective. Jarrou has got Iwobi on the bench. One past the outside. He's got a good power mark. Can he leave it another, what, five, ten minutes and then maybe think about changing personnel? Now they've really started to slow it down. West Brom are taking their time over the throws. Why not? They're exactly where they want to be at the moment. Sancho Milosovic dictate the pace. He does issue a small warning now, as you saw. Domínguez is very focused on the low counter 90e. emporally can be değişив. There's no-man or woman living outside this match-time, and there's no time forόςs. Remilia is so much slower here, but that was Cazan already. The disc claiming his best group of wszystko. And who's the best? You know, Marlon Palin talks about how Cazan is on a lot the sets. There's nothing wrong with that description. There is nothing wrong with essayer man. There's nothing wrong with a w conclusions. through moments away here for us. Mostafa. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Sanchez. And then. To the way by Johnny Evans as far as Bellary. Shaka. Knocking again but they struggled to really create anything significant. The stream organization so far able to keep them alive. Watch the third and chercheurs like they look for a walk. For the first time this afternoon we've said that. And it turns out to not show the enforcer. From behind. Action. For Fulke. corner or helping to do so not the afternoon he was hoping for to prove a point to All-In Sundry Olivier Giroud who has already scored against West Bromwich Albion this season 86th minute of the home win as it turned out the only goal of that game a chance to make an immediate impression here and by Schalke back off the bar from Danny Welbeck cleared away by Neon Mustafi's down in the penalty area as well, he might have called a blow Welbeck is so unfortunate for the first time in the game he has maybe a yard of space to actually work with he's a really intelligent header just takes all the pace off, he doesn't put his neck muscles through, he just tries to redirect it six inches lower, 2-2 rode out fast 2 under Beautiful and there is one color in here here also Nice requiring of a really energetic followers where he should be waiting quite a lot of inspiration for the this we well of ó go Bellerin, back into the park of Oxlade-Chamberlain, who gets beyond Livermore, but not Johnny Evans. Brandt. Looking for Hal Robson-Khanu, who's in here, Robson-Khanu, Ospina to the rescue, Chadli... Brown to Ospina! Oh, that's blocked away by Mustafi, might be another chance here for West Brom, onto the left foot of Brandt, but well over. This could really have killed the game off, they'll have to take a few risks, Arsenal pushing their two full-backs forward. Timing of the run from Robson-Khanu is brilliant, a real composure from Chadli. Two Arsenal defenders on the line, making it really difficult for him to score. Another time they get hold of the ball, West Brom, and get it forward, opportunities arise, because Arsenal are so short in numbers at the back. Handle that towards Olivier Giroud. APPLAUSE A little penalty in the six-yard box, and Norbert gets away from Neom, which takes all the pace off the ball. So unlucky, complaints from Arsenal, there's a foul in here from Robson-Khanu. Not really. He's trying to play the ball, doesn't even see the man coming, it's not a penalty in my book. FANS ROAR Sanchez. Having the ball is not necessarily a recipe for winning a game, as we're seeing here. He's been wrapping the ball around for fun, it's like a training session. He's not threatening that much. FANS ROAR Mustafi trying to carry forward a fair distance. Well back, was caught by a brand-new look at Ben Sturgeon, as Wilbeck took his time. And has given Arsenal a promising-looking free kick. I don't think Danny Wilbeck would be happier playing slightly wider. They've got Giroud as the physical focal point now through the middle. So he can get the ball into Wilbeck's feet, he can twist and turn, he is clipped. It's best to keep his feet. In that wide area down the right-hand side of Arsenal, he can get the ball into it. He's had more of an effect on the game than he's had so far. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR CHير dirigida en amendedo Shar gordio anda FANS ROAR Xhaka fires straight into the West Brom wall. And a counterattack, but it's not going to fall kindly on Livermore. That's a really poor free kick, the size of that West Brom wall, that is a wall and a half. Robson Karnu leading the charge again. Now, sadly being pulled back by the staff, who may have been six-and-one, half a dozen of another, that's the only reason he wouldn't have given it. Certainly looked a compelling case. Monreal. Now comes Fossey to ensure he doesn't get through to Danny Welbeck. The referee has seen that two players are centre-hard and centre-forward, pushing and shoving, grabbing ahold of each other. Can't make up his mind, he's got to let the game go. Pogba, Pogba! I think they're both at it, you can't give the free kick one way or the other, can you? Pogba, Pogba! Pogba, Pogba! GARLAND! KILLED BY ROOSTERS FOOTBALL PLAYS WHISTLE BLOWS GARLAND! FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Come on. Xhaka. Monreal. 20 minutes for Arsenal to try and put this right. West Brom to hold on. No sign of a post-40-point malaise from them here today. He was talking about the fact they were playing such a big side in Arsenal that will push his team on. Of course, he can take his pot off the gas at this stage of the season when the job is done. Daniel Jakobs gonna come on for Chris Brandt. Another body in that central midfield area to try and keep Arsenal at arms length. FANS ROAR Those of the Northern Irish persuasion will be hoping the standard blue with an injury may not have picked up at that time of the season. International managers look very nervously at all their players. They've had some very important qualifying matches after coming over the next fortnight. Looks like Jakob is gonna sit alongside Fletcher in Livermore, just try and keep that central midfield area really congested now for Arsenal to play through. Xhaka. Bellerin. Welbeck. And by Ramsey. Giroud couldn't hold it. Fletcher can clear it. And Mohamed Robson-Khan are the only target, the only player anywhere near the Arsenal half. Xhaka. Sanchez. Up towards Giroud. We'll see how Giroud's gonna get Martial. Here by Evans and McCauley. Arsenal can throw that ball into the box now, they have that aerial threat at the two centre-halves for West Brom, just gonna close the gap on him every time that ball goes towards him. There's two shots on target from Arsenal, both coming in the first half, without one in the second, they have hit the crossbar though through Danny Welbeck's header in that back. Here's Yagod. Livermore. Up towards how Robson-Khan, with a score of the second. Welbeck to Maso-Chadley. Great run forward from Jake Livermore, but it's blocked by Moustapha, and they can't prevent a corner. Robson-Khan has been really effective, of course his score, that's what he was set on to do, and his whole good play, his appreciation of what's going on around him, so important in this team. He can get on the ball and just feed it back into midfield, and then he's out. He's out. He's out. He's out of the midfield, just keep West Brom high up the field, just relieve the pressure they're under. West Brom prepare for that fourth corner, they scored from what was their first. Obviously again they're going to look against the man to try and stop Craig Dawson's progress. And he does it! Dawson at the double! They've fallen for the same trick again, Arsenal! And now they find themselves 3-1 down. It's absolutely criminal, you talked about Aaron Ramsey marking Craig Dawson, he isn't anywhere near him, you've got to be right on his shoulder, try and nudge him off balance, do something. He's standing two yards off him, he's still going to get a run on you, you saw that with the first goal, and this is just criminal, it's not good enough. Doesn't matter whether it's a defender or a midfielder, you've got to get tighter to a big centre-half than that. It is far too easy. They're having a field day from set-pieces, West Brom. He loves it when a plan comes together, and it's certainly doing that for West Brom, 15 minutes away from a famous win. Set-pieces are a combination of things, of course. Three, two, one... The shots on the move are hard to deal with, especially if you don't stay touch-tight with them, but the quality of the delivery as well from James McLean, it's flat, it's pacing, he keeps Ospina out of the pitch as well, the goalkeeper wants to come off his line and deal with it, but that quality delivery means that he can't. And on the floor today, Craig Dawson had only scored seven Premier League goals, he's gone as he saw his first Premier League brace. As we were saying in the studio at half-time, Arsene Wenger will be disappointed with the goals given away from set-pieces. Surely it comes from the manager, the manager has to set the stall out of how they're going to defend against big centre-halves, and they simply haven't done it. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Arsenal looking like they're going to make another change. This is the West Bromwich Albion side who failed to score in their previous two matches, conceding five times, two against Palace, three up at Everton. And they're 3-1 up against an Arsenal side that did play well, place this match. Almost a must-win territory as a result of its importance in getting back into the Champions League qualification places come the end of the season. Hung out by Aaron Ramsey, Monreal. And he's still got a corner. And he's still got a corner. Arsenal corner. Foster, very well to claw that one out. Russell Karner giving something for McLean to chase, but Ellery is not the player you want to be up against in that respect. One of the quickest around in the Premier League. And that's a good one for Chelsea. Chelsea and then at Liverpool by this scoreline 3-1. It's one thing that to lose here at the Hawthorns. They've lost two Premier League games in the Premier League history between these two. That's quite another. That's quite another. Oxlade-Chamberlain. That's one. And a good one by Kieran Fletcher. And a good one by Kieran Fletcher. Just don't understand it. Arsene Wenger before the game was talking about the threat that West Brom posed from set-pieces. 47% of their goals have come from set-pieces, yet you set your team up defensively like this, with people simply not getting tight enough to your positions, both threatening players. It's just incredibly poor, two of the three goals. Very, very poor defensively, and they knew what the threat was going to be. South centre, there's more hard times for Arsenal. And Diwobi trying to provide a spark so badly needed by them. GERRARD GARCIA Bellerin. Oxlade-Chamberlain, back to Giroud. And goes Giroud, and with a challenge of Mclean, no foul. Mustafi. There's not, Aaron Ramsey couldn't direct his header, goal wits. And Costa can prevent the corner. Super Sunday, looks like this. Tottenham against Southampton, 1 o'clock, Sky Sports 1. And the look of things, Liverpool win at Manchester City tomorrow in the second part of Super Sunday. They could go eight points clear of Arsenal in fourth position. That's a lot of time to make up with the game and the teams running out. Bellerin. And it's a hand-and-miss run from Mclean, and Liverpool are swarming all over the Arsenal players when they're looking to get it right and get crosses in. This is a lung-busting run from James Bond. And Mclean has had to put in so much hard work, instrumental in the second goal's contribution. And the hard work rewarded by a very warm round of applause from the West Bromwich Albi fans, who haven't always been convinced. James Mclean, here comes Ney on again. FANS SING Oxlade-Chamberlain. And this plays pass. And it's starting to feel like that sort of an afternoon for Arsenal, where it is all unravelling yet again. I just feel that third goal was really not the stuffing out of the team, and it's now half-time, 1-1. The fans thought, we can win this game, and they've looked a long way from winning it now. The last time they won in the Premier League over a month ago, when that man got two goals, they looked to be back on track after that early set-back, after Alexis Sanchez levelled it up. But in this second half, when you might have expected Les Brom to wilt, they've risen, and it's Arsenal, who have just lost their way in this match. And there's FOS own extra-mark Niemesis now. And they are dropped from knee to knee, it is now 16-1. nearly. 톡 Now we've slowed down to nearly two yards. How is Haap wanting to take this? The teams have expected Strasbourg to be two points behind. igkeiten each other. ...so far. And niemesis go 계第三 United means there isn't anything we can say about Adried. ...so far. Will foramara ez oberyi. towards how Robson Piano. Bellerin. Ramsey. Dispossessed by Jakob. Ramsey Piano brought it down very well. McClay. Another get across in. It's fielded by Mustafi. Neon. Ramsey fouls in. noch Pinier throughout every game. Esto no fazse sorpresa para distante. H町 El P the middle by McLean. He will be. To a speed. To a speed. To a speed. To a speed. Is it Wobbe? Monreal. Oxlade-Chamberlain, too much on that one. He's got a good shot. We have seen enough, some of the Arsenal fans hitting the road early. When lose or draw, the banners would have been inevitable. We've had pro and con banners flown over the stadium in the first half. This afternoon won't do much good for the Fingarstay brigade in terms of that cause, that pace. Mustafi. And it doesn't look like his Arsenal side have the answers here. I said in his media conference ahead of this game, Arsene Wenger, didn't he, how he was bored of fielding questions every week before every match about his future. I dare say they'll come up again after this. There's an uncertainty that's inevitable until the club announce whether he's staying or whether he's going. Into the last couple of minutes. A long briefing for young Sam Field continues in the West Bromwich Albion technical area. Out in by Ramsey. And straight out by Ramsey. We'll see what he's got to say. Sam Field, who's been at the club, the academy, and up through the ranks since the age of eight, will come on to bring up his sixth Premier League appearance for the club. Nasser Chadli from the far side of the field makes sway. And it's a good thing. You've got to get him out of the way of the ball. He's got to get out of the way of the ball. And it's a good thing. He's got to get out of the way of the ball. I suppose, Andy, when you look at the match as a whole, one of the things that would be most damaging for Arsenal and Arsene Wenger is the fact that it will show just how strong he is as a player. I mean, he's got to be kind to the man. that it was eminently predictable. We knew they'd have a lot of possession. We knew how they dealt with set pieces was going to be important. We knew they were going to dominate the ball, the threat that West Brom were going to pose, but if you don't switch on, you don't defend properly, you give away two relatively soft goals, although it's decent balls in. Good attacking of the ball from Craig Dawson. They deserve what they've got here, West Brom. The National defensive is so, so poor. They've threatened an awful lot going forward. And big time as we approach the end of the 90 to ask you who your man of the match for today is. It's been an outstanding team effort, but it's been a red-letter day for Craig Dawson, who's scored twice, he's kept the dangerous Alexis Sanchez quiet in the second half. He really has epitomised the application of desire that West Brom have shown this afternoon. FANS ROAR Oh, it's Slade Chamberlain. Bellerin. Come out by Johnny Evans. Arsenal will have a corner. Into the 91st minute. Johnny Evans tearing across his defence to make sure that cross doesn't get into the box again. On the lines, why? West Brom are going to go on and win the game. All the way through to Awobi. He's able to keep it in. By field. Monreal. Monreal. Monreal. Monreal. Well back. Field with the challenge. Yaacov now onto it for West Brom. In terms of a top-four finish in terms of the cuestion, this could be a devastating defeat. And it could get worse. Field is onside. Teenager heads for the corner. Even in the din of the Hall of Fame, this is all going to be gone. Holt, of course, you can probably hear, Don't go for glory, Sam. He's got Rossi and Curliver screaming at him. Don't go for a fourth, head for the corner flag, did the right thing. West Brom will enjoy, and rightly so, getting back to winning ways after those successive defeats, getting back-to-back home wins against Arsenal. It's the 22nd time they've played in the Premier League, it'll only be their fourth win, it's a rarity. And that's one side of the coin. The other, very different. And you just know after this the headlines will be about Arsenal's woes rather than the good things that West Brom have done today. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE