and what looked like a hamstring problem saw him replaced by David Ospina that's the only change we've had though Olivier Giroud was out there warming up at half-time and the other Arsenal substitutes, he'll be an option for them and look at Arsenal in hopes of finishing in the top four yet again for the 20th successive season under Arsene Wenger qualifying for the Champions League and the goal in league terms for them this must win sadly he'll afford to drop too many points after three defeats in their last four Premier League games and Fletcher is back there for West Brom here's Livermore and he's got the ball for the pitch to deny Arsenal Cardi Makeup There are there particularly fruitful afternoons so far against the Cameroon international Alon Neon Andy will be a good chance for him to prove a point to the England manager of the recent squad. Hasn't really had a chance to do that yet, has he? His performance has been one-dimensional, it's been easy to deal with. Ne-Om had, not from McLean as well, doubling up. Every time Helcurt gets the ball, he looks nervous. He doesn't look sharp at all, he's not chopping and changing his position, as Sanchez is on the left-hand side, so he's very easy to deal with for a full-back. The Arsenal front three, as you like, continues in the second half with Welbeck through the middle. That's the lead, Sanchez. Chadley clears. Doing well to hold it up, he's had a very isolated role at times this afternoon. Salomon Ronda. West Brom do have Rob Sincana on the bench, and eventually Rondon will run out of steam because it's a thankless task playing that lone striker role when you're having so little of the ball and you're having to chase down defenders all the time. And he's got a very good shot, but he's got to be able to get it in. Ramsey. Sanchez is up against Borst. West Brom get a great kick. As soon as that ball bounces, he gets touch-tight with Sanchez. One thing you can't allow him to do is take the ball under his spell and give him space to operate in. See how tight the right-back is. A good battle between those two. I'm sure it's going to continue in this second half. And set the ball rolling. Craig Dawson, who's discovered the goal-scoring habit a little later in the season than the man he plays alongside most weeks. Gareth McCauley. Six Premier League goals. His best ever tally. Talking about taking another year's contract, Gareth McCauley, which we're taking at the age of 38. Gareth McCauley. Gareth McCauley. Dawson-Ryles comfortably ahead of Ljelbeck. Fletcher. Service towards Ljelbeck. More quality than we've just seen there. You can't just lump it forward with Dawson. I'm going to call it the fact they're going to deal with everything that's over here. Ramsey. Ramsey. Ramsey. A bit more movement from Walsh. Which came a little too late for him to play him in. Let's not again look to Alexis Sanchez. Provide the spark. Provided the equaliser. The staffie must be tempted to take it on. And so he rolls it to Bellerin. Get it out! Get it out! Thought about playing the ball. Played the man. And neither worked out particularly well for him. I don't see this happening now for Arsenal. The Shoney on the staffie stepping out from the back. Maybe limited to double up in the wide areas and get some service into the box. Walcott. Relative across the face of the goal. No one had to get on the end of it though. For the first time we see Walcott get the ball out of his feet. He's got a little bit of a dangerous ball into the six-yard box. But no one in a yellow shirt is anticipating the quality ball he's going to play in. It's like Chamberlain finds Alexis Sanchez. Lyon just paused, hesitated for a moment. Nearly caused trouble. Can't get it away. Looped up towards Sonam and Rondon. Who's too strong for Monreal. Out. Now Johnny Evans. Brunt on the overlap. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. Rondon just wide. The one thing you can't do with Chris Brunt is allow him to get the ball out of his feet and deliver, because you know the quality is going to be in there. I see Bellerin's got a step closer to him. Far too easy. It's a brilliant ball in. Spina can't come off his line and deal with it. He's under some pressure here, Rondon. It's the only thing, the pressure from Kishelny, that means he doesn't get a clean contact on it. So, the way for Sonam and Rondon goes on in all competitions, it's thirteen games since that Patrick against Swansea. . Ramsey. Oxlade-Chamberlain. . . Sanchez, crowded out initially. Sanchez looking for Montmarré, probably did his job well on that occasion. The weight of that forward ball had been better, Chadley again was caught square, caught ball watching, just about manages to get back and get his foot on the ball, but he's got to really switch on. A curious, deep conversation with Raul Santana just down below us, I wonder if he's gonna send on the Welsh in, to international sooner rather than later. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Valerie. That's the return from Alexis Sanchez. Shaka after the side. Arsenal corner, Shaka will take. beweev Bottleneck. Gepphomme, road up. Marseille's chicken sass. Here it is. Once again acne for a few, the 很 Encore. for the most part has been a serial substitute. It starts at Everton, that was only his second Premier League start, he's gonna come on and replace Salomon Rondon. There's a shake of the head from Rondon, not sure whether he's unhappy about coming off or carrying an injury, because I expected this change, but it's very early in the second half to make it. APPLAUSE He heads off straight down the tunnel, Salomon Rondon. Not cutting a particularly happy figure. Sam Karnu getting straight into the thick of things, tussling with Laurent Kachami. FANS ROAR Neon. Off the shoulder of Ellery. Had a shaka. Arsenal having even more possession than they did in the first half, it's about turning that dominance in terms of possession into opportunities, and so far in the second half, Foster hasn't made a save. Sam Karnu doing well as Mustafi got caught under the cloud of the ball. McLean. Here's Chadli, looking over the top, clever ball, can't find McLean, the speeder! McLean leaves it and it's rolled in by Hal-Rof Sanghanou. The flag stayed down, Arsenal were looking for an offside decision, it's a West Brom goal, they're back in front. Sometimes you get the break with the ball, and what a substitution this has proved to be from Tony Pulis. We'll see if there's gonna be a change, though. Goal! Give-and. It is really positive play, McLean coming in field, laying the ball off, making his run. Not like Bellerin had done his job and actually tracked him all the way back. This is clever play from McLean, rather than go on the outside, a little give-and-go on the inside. Bellerin tracks him, certainly onside when the ball is played. Arsenal defensively make it a hash of things, and there is nothing wrong with that goal, absolutely nothing wrong with it. Again on the counter-attack, West Brom so, so effective, but defensively, Arsenal all over the place. 74 seconds after coming onto the pitch, how Robson Kanu gets his first goal for West Brom, here at the Hawthorns. The first since that screamer at Southampton towards the end of the calendar year, 2016. As far as Arsenal are concerned, the storm clouds gathering again, staring down the barrel of a third successive away Premier League defeat. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Time to put it right. Plenty of that, but up against it once again. It's all about being effective in possession, Arsenal bags the possession, Ben Foster with that save to make. One shot on target from West Bromwich Albion, they take the lead. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Chaka looking for Walcott, out behind the clay. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Ramsey. He's come around and dealt with him initially, but will need to go back now. This is Monreal. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Mustafi. Goal! Give-and. Goal! Give-and. Bellerin, up through the gears. Evans away as far as Oxlade-Chamberlain. 2-1 is the scoreline that they succumbed to here last season. It was a Mikel Arteta-owned goal that proved to be the decisive factor on that occasion. Mustaphae. Ospina should do a lot more, should take everything with him here. Take McLean, take the defender, and importantly take the ball. Is it strong enough? It ends up in the back of the net. Long Arsenal faces, but still over half an hour to play here. James McLean actually did well. To lift his foot, with a temptation to not get out of the way or to touch the ball. Had he done so, it would have been a different story. He did really well in the build-up to the goal. Normally he'd take the ball at his feet, and he's left-footed, trying to get that ball in. But there's no one in the box who came back in field rather than just play it and stop. He actually played it and then was on the move. He dragged Bellerin with him. Now Rob Sincarnu. Darren Fletcher's the most advanced there for West Brom. For Sean McLear. Thumbs up from Fletcher, it's a brilliant ball from Chris Brunt, just played into an area for Fletcher to get on the end of. Makes it so hard for Arsenal to defend, they can't clear their lines easily. West Brom can keep possession of the ball high up the field. Hooked in by McLean. Hooked in by McLean. Mourinho nearly took it away from Bellerin. Only Xhaka. Long ball looking for Welbeck. West Brom enjoying a good spell out. Rob Sincarnu trying to turn around the corner for Chadli. FANS ROAR Well, against that point in the game, Arsene Wenger surely has to be thinking about making changes. Welbeck and Walcott have been pretty ineffective. Jarrou has got Iwobi on the bench. One past the outside. He's got a good power mark. Can he leave it another, what, five, ten minutes and then maybe think about changing personnel? Now they've really started to slow it down. West Brom are taking their time over the throws. Why not? They're exactly where they want to be at the moment. Sancho Milosovic dictate the pace. He does issue a small warning now, as you saw. Domínguez is very focused on the low counter 90e. emporally can be değişив. There's no-man or woman living outside this match-time, and there's no time forόςs. Remilia is so much slower here, but that was Cazan already. The disc claiming his best group of wszystko. And who's the best? You know, Marlon Palin talks about how Cazan is on a lot the sets. There's nothing wrong with that description. There is nothing wrong with essayer man. There's nothing wrong with a w conclusions. through moments away here for us. Mostafa. Oxlade-Chamberlain. Sanchez. And then. To the way by Johnny Evans as far as Bellary. Shaka. Knocking again but they struggled to really create anything significant. The stream organization so far able to keep them alive. Watch the third and chercheurs like they look for a walk. For the first time this afternoon we've said that. And it turns out to not show the enforcer. From behind. Action. For Fulke. corner or helping to do so not the afternoon he was hoping for to prove a point to All-In Sundry Olivier Giroud who has already scored against West Bromwich Albion this season 86th minute of the home win as it turned out the only goal of that game a chance to make an immediate impression here and by Schalke back off the bar from Danny Welbeck cleared away by Neon Mustafi's down in the penalty area as well, he might have called a blow Welbeck is so unfortunate for the first time in the game he has maybe a yard of space to actually work with he's a really intelligent header just takes all the pace off, he doesn't put his neck muscles through, he just tries to redirect it six inches lower, 2-2 rode out fast 2 under Beautiful and there is one color in here here also Nice requiring of a really energetic followers where he should be waiting quite a lot of inspiration for the this we well of ó go Bellerin, back into the park of Oxlade-Chamberlain, who gets beyond Livermore, but not Johnny Evans. Brandt. Looking for Hal Robson-Khanu, who's in here, Robson-Khanu, Ospina to the rescue, Chadli... Brown to Ospina! Oh, that's blocked away by Mustafi, might be another chance here for West Brom, onto the left foot of Brandt, but well over. This could really have killed the game off, they'll have to take a few risks, Arsenal pushing their two full-backs forward. Timing of the run from Robson-Khanu is brilliant, a real composure from Chadli. Two Arsenal defenders on the line, making it really difficult for him to score. Another time they get hold of the ball, West Brom, and get it forward, opportunities arise, because Arsenal are so short in numbers at the back. Handle that towards Olivier Giroud. APPLAUSE A little penalty in the six-yard box, and Norbert gets away from Neom, which takes all the pace off the ball. So unlucky, complaints from Arsenal, there's a foul in here from Robson-Khanu. Not really. He's trying to play the ball, doesn't even see the man coming, it's not a penalty in my book. FANS ROAR Sanchez. Having the ball is not necessarily a recipe for winning a game, as we're seeing here. He's been wrapping the ball around for fun, it's like a training session. He's not threatening that much. FANS ROAR Mustafi trying to carry forward a fair distance. Well back, was caught by a brand-new look at Ben Sturgeon, as Wilbeck took his time. And has given Arsenal a promising-looking free kick. I don't think Danny Wilbeck would be happier playing slightly wider. They've got Giroud as the physical focal point now through the middle. So he can get the ball into Wilbeck's feet, he can twist and turn, he is clipped. It's best to keep his feet. In that wide area down the right-hand side of Arsenal, he can get the ball into it. He's had more of an effect on the game than he's had so far. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR CHير dirigida en amendedo Shar gordio anda FANS ROAR Xhaka fires straight into the West Brom wall. And a counterattack, but it's not going to fall kindly on Livermore. That's a really poor free kick, the size of that West Brom wall, that is a wall and a half. Robson Karnu leading the charge again. Now, sadly being pulled back by the staff, who may have been six-and-one, half a dozen of another, that's the only reason he wouldn't have given it. Certainly looked a compelling case. Monreal. Now comes Fossey to ensure he doesn't get through to Danny Welbeck. The referee has seen that two players are centre-hard and centre-forward, pushing and shoving, grabbing ahold of each other. Can't make up his mind, he's got to let the game go. Pogba, Pogba! I think they're both at it, you can't give the free kick one way or the other, can you? Pogba, Pogba! Pogba, Pogba! GARLAND! KILLED BY ROOSTERS FOOTBALL PLAYS WHISTLE BLOWS GARLAND! FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS FOOTBALL PLAYS Come on. Xhaka. Monreal. 20 minutes for Arsenal to try and put this right. West Brom to hold on. No sign of a post-40-point malaise from them here today. He was talking about the fact they were playing such a big side in Arsenal that will push his team on. Of course, he can take his pot off the gas at this stage of the season when the job is done. Daniel Jakobs gonna come on for Chris Brandt. Another body in that central midfield area to try and keep Arsenal at arms length. FANS ROAR Those of the Northern Irish persuasion will be hoping the standard blue with an injury may not have picked up at that time of the season. International managers look very nervously at all their players. They've had some very important qualifying matches after coming over the next fortnight. Looks like Jakob is gonna sit alongside Fletcher in Livermore, just try and keep that central midfield area really congested now for Arsenal to play through. Xhaka. Bellerin. Welbeck. And by Ramsey. Giroud couldn't hold it. Fletcher can clear it. And Mohamed Robson-Khan are the only target, the only player anywhere near the Arsenal half. Xhaka. Sanchez. Up towards Giroud. We'll see how Giroud's gonna get Martial. Here by Evans and McCauley. Arsenal can throw that ball into the box now, they have that aerial threat at the two centre-halves for West Brom, just gonna close the gap on him every time that ball goes towards him. There's two shots on target from Arsenal, both coming in the first half, without one in the second, they have hit the crossbar though through Danny Welbeck's header in that back. Here's Yagod. Livermore. Up towards how Robson-Khan, with a score of the second. Welbeck to Maso-Chadley. Great run forward from Jake Livermore, but it's blocked by Moustapha, and they can't prevent a corner. Robson-Khan has been really effective, of course his score, that's what he was set on to do, and his whole good play, his appreciation of what's going on around him, so important in this team. He can get on the ball and just feed it back into midfield, and then he's out. He's out. He's out. He's out of the midfield, just keep West Brom high up the field, just relieve the pressure they're under. West Brom prepare for that fourth corner, they scored from what was their first. Obviously again they're going to look against the man to try and stop Craig Dawson's progress. And he does it! Dawson at the double! They've fallen for the same trick again, Arsenal! And now they find themselves 3-1 down. It's absolutely criminal, you talked about Aaron Ramsey marking Craig Dawson, he isn't anywhere near him, you've got to be right on his shoulder, try and nudge him off balance, do something. He's standing two yards off him, he's still going to get a run on you, you saw that with the first goal, and this is just criminal, it's not good enough. Doesn't matter whether it's a defender or a midfielder, you've got to get tighter to a big centre-half than that. It is far too easy. They're having a field day from set-pieces, West Brom. He loves it when a plan comes together, and it's certainly doing that for West Brom, 15 minutes away from a famous win. Set-pieces are a combination of things, of course. Three, two, one... The shots on the move are hard to deal with, especially if you don't stay touch-tight with them, but the quality of the delivery as well from James McLean, it's flat, it's pacing, he keeps Ospina out of the pitch as well, the goalkeeper wants to come off his line and deal with it, but that quality delivery means that he can't. And on the floor today, Craig Dawson had only scored seven Premier League goals, he's gone as he saw his first Premier League brace. As we were saying in the studio at half-time, Arsene Wenger will be disappointed with the goals given away from set-pieces. Surely it comes from the manager, the manager has to set the stall out of how they're going to defend against big centre-halves, and they simply haven't done it. FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR FANS ROAR Arsenal looking like they're going to make another change. This is the West Bromwich Albion side who failed to score in their previous two matches, conceding five times, two against Palace, three up at Everton. And they're 3-1 up against an Arsenal side that did play well, place this match. Almost a must-win territory as a result of its importance in getting back into the Champions League qualification places come the end of the season. Hung out by Aaron Ramsey, Monreal. And he's still got a corner. And he's still got a corner. Arsenal corner. Foster, very well to claw that one out. Russell Karner giving something for McLean to chase, but Ellery is not the player you want to be up against in that respect. One of the quickest around in the Premier League. And that's a good one for Chelsea. Chelsea and then at Liverpool by this scoreline 3-1. It's one thing that to lose here at the Hawthorns. They've lost two Premier League games in the Premier League history between these two. That's quite another. That's quite another. Oxlade-Chamberlain. That's one. And a good one by Kieran Fletcher. And a good one by Kieran Fletcher. Just don't understand it. Arsene Wenger before the game was talking about the threat that West Brom posed from set-pieces. 47% of their goals have come from set-pieces, yet you set your team up defensively like this, with people simply not getting tight enough to your positions, both threatening players. It's just incredibly poor, two of the three goals. Very, very poor defensively, and they knew what the threat was going to be. South centre, there's more hard times for Arsenal. And Diwobi trying to provide a spark so badly needed by them. GERRARD GARCIA Bellerin. Oxlade-Chamberlain, back to Giroud. And goes Giroud, and with a challenge of Mclean, no foul. Mustafi. There's not, Aaron Ramsey couldn't direct his header, goal wits. And Costa can prevent the corner. Super Sunday, looks like this. Tottenham against Southampton, 1 o'clock, Sky Sports 1. And the look of things, Liverpool win at Manchester City tomorrow in the second part of Super Sunday. They could go eight points clear of Arsenal in fourth position. That's a lot of time to make up with the game and the teams running out. Bellerin. And it's a hand-and-miss run from Mclean, and Liverpool are swarming all over the Arsenal players when they're looking to get it right and get crosses in. This is a lung-busting run from James Bond. And Mclean has had to put in so much hard work, instrumental in the second goal's contribution. And the hard work rewarded by a very warm round of applause from the West Bromwich Albi fans, who haven't always been convinced. James Mclean, here comes Ney on again. FANS SING Oxlade-Chamberlain. And this plays pass. And it's starting to feel like that sort of an afternoon for Arsenal, where it is all unravelling yet again. I just feel that third goal was really not the stuffing out of the team, and it's now half-time, 1-1. The fans thought, we can win this game, and they've looked a long way from winning it now. The last time they won in the Premier League over a month ago, when that man got two goals, they looked to be back on track after that early set-back, after Alexis Sanchez levelled it up. But in this second half, when you might have expected Les Brom to wilt, they've risen, and it's Arsenal, who have just lost their way in this match. And there's FOS own extra-mark Niemesis now. And they are dropped from knee to knee, it is now 16-1. nearly. 톡 Now we've slowed down to nearly two yards. How is Haap wanting to take this? The teams have expected Strasbourg to be two points behind. igkeiten each other. ...so far. And niemesis go 계第三 United means there isn't anything we can say about Adried. ...so far. Will foramara ez oberyi. towards how Robson Piano. Bellerin. Ramsey. Dispossessed by Jakob. Ramsey Piano brought it down very well. McClay. Another get across in. It's fielded by Mustafi. Neon. Ramsey fouls in. noch Pinier throughout every game. Esto no fazse sorpresa para distante. H町 El P the middle by McLean. He will be. To a speed. To a speed. To a speed. To a speed. Is it Wobbe? Monreal. Oxlade-Chamberlain, too much on that one. He's got a good shot. We have seen enough, some of the Arsenal fans hitting the road early. When lose or draw, the banners would have been inevitable. We've had pro and con banners flown over the stadium in the first half. This afternoon won't do much good for the Fingarstay brigade in terms of that cause, that pace. Mustafi. And it doesn't look like his Arsenal side have the answers here. I said in his media conference ahead of this game, Arsene Wenger, didn't he, how he was bored of fielding questions every week before every match about his future. I dare say they'll come up again after this. There's an uncertainty that's inevitable until the club announce whether he's staying or whether he's going. Into the last couple of minutes. A long briefing for young Sam Field continues in the West Bromwich Albion technical area. Out in by Ramsey. And straight out by Ramsey. We'll see what he's got to say. Sam Field, who's been at the club, the academy, and up through the ranks since the age of eight, will come on to bring up his sixth Premier League appearance for the club. Nasser Chadli from the far side of the field makes sway. And it's a good thing. You've got to get him out of the way of the ball. He's got to get out of the way of the ball. And it's a good thing. He's got to get out of the way of the ball. I suppose, Andy, when you look at the match as a whole, one of the things that would be most damaging for Arsenal and Arsene Wenger is the fact that it will show just how strong he is as a player. I mean, he's got to be kind to the man. that it was eminently predictable. We knew they'd have a lot of possession. We knew how they dealt with set pieces was going to be important. We knew they were going to dominate the ball, the threat that West Brom were going to pose, but if you don't switch on, you don't defend properly, you give away two relatively soft goals, although it's decent balls in. Good attacking of the ball from Craig Dawson. They deserve what they've got here, West Brom. The National defensive is so, so poor. They've threatened an awful lot going forward. And big time as we approach the end of the 90 to ask you who your man of the match for today is. It's been an outstanding team effort, but it's been a red-letter day for Craig Dawson, who's scored twice, he's kept the dangerous Alexis Sanchez quiet in the second half. He really has epitomised the application of desire that West Brom have shown this afternoon. FANS ROAR Oh, it's Slade Chamberlain. Bellerin. Come out by Johnny Evans. Arsenal will have a corner. Into the 91st minute. Johnny Evans tearing across his defence to make sure that cross doesn't get into the box again. On the lines, why? West Brom are going to go on and win the game. All the way through to Awobi. He's able to keep it in. By field. Monreal. Monreal. Monreal. Monreal. Well back. Field with the challenge. Yaacov now onto it for West Brom. In terms of a top-four finish in terms of the cuestion, this could be a devastating defeat. And it could get worse. Field is onside. Teenager heads for the corner. Even in the din of the Hall of Fame, this is all going to be gone. Holt, of course, you can probably hear, Don't go for glory, Sam. He's got Rossi and Curliver screaming at him. Don't go for a fourth, head for the corner flag, did the right thing. West Brom will enjoy, and rightly so, getting back to winning ways after those successive defeats, getting back-to-back home wins against Arsenal. It's the 22nd time they've played in the Premier League, it'll only be their fourth win, it's a rarity. And that's one side of the coin. The other, very different. And you just know after this the headlines will be about Arsenal's woes rather than the good things that West Brom have done today. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE matches ahead of the international window. Arsenal back at the ground where they lost last year. And they found it hard going Andy when these two sides met on Boxing Day at the Emirates, the 86th minute goal from Olivier Giroud, who starts on the bench here for Arsenal today. That was the only thing to separate the sides. I expect it to be difficult for Arsenal this afternoon the way that West Brom are going to set up here with a solid back four. Hard-working midfield in front of them, they will allow Arsenal to have possession, it's just a question of whether West Brom can win the ball back, get high up the field and be an attacking threat. It's very hard work for the two wide players especially. Aaron Ramsey on the ball here for Arsenal, to Villarreal. Back up. Very nice from the right-hander, we can see the wall of West Bromwich Albion players. It's a back-forward fire straight across in front of them and Rondon will become a back six at times I would imagine as they look to cut out any space out wide. I did expect from the kick-off to have McLean in front of the two wide players but Chadley is actually playing down the right-hand side and Brunt is playing a bit more central. Monreal. Sanchez. He's started on this left-hand side, dropping it in for Ramsey, now well-backed. Manoeuvre some space around that particular commodity is in rare abundance. It's a really solid back four that West Brom have here but the movement around them, we just saw that from Aaron Ramsey breaking forward, gaining possession on the edge of the box, it's that movement down the sides of those big defenders that will cause problems. There's no seed Sanchez but, eh, Wade Dawson, more likely to win those aerial battles for those angle balls like that. Here is the Chilean. Mustafi. We expect some flexibility in the Arsenal attack, what's that Danny Welbeck? He's gonna lead the line, Walcott down the right, Sanchez has started down the left. Having hit 40 points. Which was very much the target at the start of the season. West Brom have hit the buffers a little bit in the last couple of weeks. They've got those back-to-back defeats that they've just suffered at the hands of Palace here and away at Everton last time. Five goals conceded, none scored in those two games. This is probably the sort of game that they'd want to refocus having achieved target number one. Easier said than done. Right, Chapp. Back towards Rondon. There was Tony Pulis told us before the match. He's had his rest, he comes into this fresh. But he's picked up a free kick for his side here. He's gonna have to work incredibly hard in the side of course to score goals. But as we saw there, his hold-up play, absolutely crucial to try and bring his midfielders into the game. At times just get fouled like that, break up the rhythm of the Arsenal attacks. He got that hat-trick of headers you might remember against Swansea back in the day. Swansea back in December. Hasn't scored since. It's now 12 Premier League games without a goal for the Venezuelan. Monreal's header. He's gonna appeal for a free kick, which isn't gonna be forthcoming. This is Sanchez. That's from Felder, that might have been a hand from Alexis Sanchez, but nothing given. And now he's a part of the Cavaliers. That's Carl T mixture, he was locked in. And now it's here at home by Stoke who's gonna play hardly anything, he'll be warning the wingers to this one. Can watch it later. Jump rec. See this? The progress being made here by Alan Neom, and he's still going. Can he find Rondon? Well, he might have done, but Rondon stood still as the ball fizzed past him. Brilliant work by the full-back, but Rondon only has two choices, either go into the six-yard box and just hold his ground and hope that Neom gets his head up and picks him out. He's actually in space, he steps away from Koscielny, and if that ball is pulled back, it is a tap-in, so I think the striker does the right thing. It's a decent angle for Neom, he's just hoping that he sees him. He never really looks up too much, just whips the ball in, expecting the striker to be there. Really purposeful run, good opportunity, really should have been taken. Grant... trying to unlock the Arsenal defence, and they let it click from his left. GERRARD GARCIA, FANS CHANT Mustafi. That'll find its way through to Alexis Sanchez. Got Monreal on the overlap, lovely ball to pick him out, and Walcott was close, but Foster didn't have to stop him tapping it in. Chadwick just went to sleep there, didn't stay with a run of Monreal, that was a brilliant pass from Sanchez. I don't think Chadwick expected the ball to actually make it, it was a really overlapping full-back, but it did get there. FANS CHANT Well, openings at both ends. Marcelo Chamberlain. Concerns over his hamstring last week when he came off in that... handsome win, as it turned out, against Lincoln. He's able to play, there are a few players missing through injury today, Nicholson knocks, but, notwithstanding, no Mesut Ozil today. We're told he picked up a hamstring injury in training yesterday, that's why he's not in the matchday squad. Patient possession from Arsenal as West Brom set off, they're really trying to stretch the game with Sanchez and Bellerin, looking to get the pitch as wide as possible. And the claimers want it back here. Bellerin. And he's in the mood to take on. And the ball strokes it out to Dawson. We've got two sides on show here who have scored more headed Premier League goals than any other. You suspect that's going to be... key element in today's contest. With the aerial threat, particularly for Arsenal. Here's Chadli, up towards McRae, into the arm to check. Chadli. McRae. The flag is up against Salomon Rondon. It's so important the West Brom wide players track their men. Sanchez goes infield here, Chadli's got to be aware of the movement of Monreal. He's definitely onside with that ball he's played, but you see, Chadli's caught square, has no idea that the full-back is on his way. He's more aware of that, but just about managed to smuggle it away. Postles is really well at the near post. He's got the ball down. He's got the ball down. He's got the ball down. He's got the ball down. Sanchez. It's Shelney. A shot. Valerie. Nice. Nice. The pass through to Welbeck. He's connected the goal kick. This is what West Brom want. Arsenal forcing the issue. There's no simple pass-off. They're trying to get the ball into forward areas. West Brom with their organisation, their communication, they're making it hard for Arsenal to break them down. Most of the success they've had this season has been against the sides below them. They did take a point off Spurs here back in October. Other than that, they've lost every match against sides ranked higher than them in the table. Most recently at Goodison Park last week. And they said that they don't often give the top sides an easy ride. They have taken a couple of beatings at Tottenham, but they've made life very difficult. life very difficult for Chelsea at Stamford Bridge and indeed hard for Arsenal when they went to the Emirates I don't think it's anything that Arsene Wenger wouldn't have expected but it's very much settled into a pattern of Armstrong setting out to frustrate to lower the tempo of the match It's been Tony Pulisic's game plan all season long to have a position at times to make the ball be effective when they have it they average just 37% possession in the Premier League yet they're 8th from the table so it shows they are very effective when they do have the ball especially from set pieces that's when Arsenal really do have to switch on and one thing they haven't done this season is lose three successive games they haven't done that since April last year A lot of the noises today coming out of the West Brom fans is that they are meant to take the fight to Arsenal something they'll be able to do here through McLean who stings the palms of Pericek brilliant counter attacking football, Arsenal playing in central areas it's really congested, they lose possession London keeps hold of the ball really well, blends it back into midfield and then suddenly McLean is away and clear the angle is against him, he's under some pressure as well Chek has got his angles right counter attacking football, exactly what Tony Pulisic is looking for and the usual suspects forward from the back here for West Brom, Ejabir Good delivery in there and the end product that they wanted Craig Dawson who heads it home 12 minutes on the clock and West Brom and Ejabir take the lead against Arsenal Arsenal knew what was coming, they scored so many goals from set pieces corners in particular, it's a quality ball in but how on earth is Craig Dawson getting a run on his man who's picking him up, it's far too easy Petr Cech can't get off his line because he's pinned in there by Darren Fletcher but no one is actually touched tight with Craig Dawson can't allow a powerful centre-half to get the run on you there's no way you're going to be able to beat him once again and once he gets off the ground, so so simple but defensively from an Arsenal perspective, so so poor we'll see him on the move, once he gets off the ground he's got his eyes on the ball, he's never going to miss the target intelligent header but Arsenal defensively all over the place they scored here as they came from behind against Bournemouth now he's given them the lead here against Arsenal because here we have Itzmar in there occurred to him by a brilliantALL traversed along the defense grounded in front of us mat McLean busting a gap to get forward. Here's Livermore. Must not look a little rattled. Dawson, the goal scorer, looking to turn provider for Rondon. It's an excellent ball in, James McLean just caught in his heels there, but he's got to take a chance at the far post. A quality ball is going to be played in, and it was. Yes, Grom's 37th Premier League goal of the season. They're 13th from the corner. Chaka. Vellerin. Welbeck. Sanchez, they haven't picked him up. And he picks out the back of the net, blasted it off the crossbar, and Arsenal respond through their main man, Alexis Sanchez. Just looking at the West Brom defenders' reaction here, and Craig Dawson turned round to Nasser Chadli and said, where on earth are you? You've got to trap back and help us out. If I get drawn in field and Sanchez is free, you've got to drop back and help out. He's the major danger here. You can see Dawson's been drawn in field. He's picking a box late Chamberlain. Chadli's gone to sleep. It's really good footwork from Sanchez to finish it off, but again, defensively, at both ends of the field, teams not doing their job at all. Chadli caught on his heels, brilliant footwork, great finish. Fantastic opening 15 minutes we've had, but this isn't good at all from both sides at the back. Something to smile about, finally. It's now a great visor of worms of esoasbeat and a rare package of Ambtype!' extra viciousness. And I would imagine that is a plant sheltered by the Mingus supporters. Already have the protest, no new contract, haber you missed it earlier. Jamie, and Nick. so with your fact, you say winds go up on the wind, missing 20 sheets out here worth a racing car around. the ballplayers to leave unmarked in your penalty area just after you've taken the lead that man would be right the one that Tony Pulis would have preferred Tolvan not to ignore out Evans Rondon got his head to it Sanchez Welbeck Sanchez returns it to Danny Welbeck it's good he's got caught up under his feet and he's been able to get it back to Alexis Sanchez Walcott and out by Livermore before that defeat to Crystal Palace in their last home game they've been in pretty good form here at home and win against Bournemouth in the match prior to the game this time online at home Premier League games they absolutely 이 out so weeks Medendlama a I would always say another thing was this talk of themselves he's won night 9 of practice in March and also and he's now done that because it's been ages futher little things in motion in the match and I'll tell him that it diagnostic5 add iTunes on the other hand if you've caretakeraldorditiet examples Sanchez, what a lovely turn that was, he was pulled back by Macaulay, who was completely suckered in. This is that attacking flexibility I talked about with Arsenal, Welbeck now playing on the left, Sanchez moving infield, let's give those centre-halves a problem, brilliant footwork, brilliant turn and spin, it's like a clear pull, he's lucky Macaulay wants to get booked for that. Oxlade-Chamberlain looks the most likely to here. 10-5 Oxlade-Chamberlain. By Dawson, Sanchez. Out of the way by Jonny Evans. Sanchez for Bellerin. By Maclain, that was an important interception, from Alcione to seek Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Rondon. Just a little reshuffle at the front haven't they Arsenal. Ramsey's pushed on here, teeing it out... Neon there, was attacked by Hector Bellerin and the goal errm 2-0 over Eagley. To certainly get some clattering here and that movement off the ball mid-fielders breaking in-between centre-halves and full-backsers as Ramsey does here. Good defending from Neon, you know both goals examples of players simply not being picked up. How on earth Craiguana Dawson can be allowed a free run at the ball like this that is absolutely criminal far too easy on the other end Sanchez just drifts into the penalty area Chantilly doesn't realize he's got to track him back and get close to him tries to pass him on but Dawson's got too much to do very good finish from Sanchez but defensively both teams very poor a show too much to Nasser Chadli Fletcher and trying to force it through all cuts trying to make something out of nothing nearly succeeding in doing so and and almost Brummer in that comfortable position aren't they in eighth they'll stay there whatever happens today even if stoke can find a way to beat Chelsea that's a three o'clock kick-off later on today after Everton's win last week the gap between themselves and the Toffees 77 points here's Arsenal's number seven Alexi Sanchez left on the deck by Livermore Daniel Swerbrick couldn't see anything wrong with that Alessandro De Mois on the side is clamourously combative and getting in amongst those Where players the Arsenal have he's trying to play the ball out wide Space out there a little more Does he win the ball that he found his man? Feels he was fouled Central areas with the shirt maybe there and a clip of the heels 2000 One Frustration given that by the latter of the law down before we should have a yellow card as well for pulling back This is where he's got a swallow down his frustrations really just keep getting on the ball keep causing defensive problems Real surprise there is a possible dominating the ball passing it around being patient Really do have to switch on and be prepared to do a lot of chasing because Austin will continue to do that ball as well As they've done so far It's like chamber The Bellerin I'm as drawn young Reggie They go with them initially Alexis Sanchez that's out by Evans and a shaka that's a nice down a bit off the ball there Danny Wellwick that's what he claims, high trade Dawson but nothing given see the problem West Brom have got, they're defending in numbers, defending deep they simply can't get back up the pitch, they win possession back all they've got is Rondon, at least half way inside his own half as well so very hard for them to relieve this pressure they're under happy away here with McLean and Alan Neon making a forward run as well from full back Brunt Scholle in there to head it out for another quarter we'll see if Rast have learnt any lessons here from conceding that cheap goal that's a point he called defensively ahead of him to Scholle last thing Arsenal want to do is give away set pieces against this team that's the only bit of damage from West Brom's first corner and we've got the aerial power in there with Dawson and Macaulay coming up from the back the delivery of Chris Brunt so important as well, flat pacey give those players something to attack Brunt drops it into that aerial, Arsenal far from convincing Rondon South American battle with Alexis Sanchez Arsenal looking for the quick one quite looks more clumsy than malicious here from Rondon he wants the player booked but let the referee do his job the referee's right, maybe just have a word with Rondon he's trying to get to the ball, Sanchez is too quick for him Brunt goes into the back of him Arsenal players led by Mustafi there certainly a growing number of fouls they feel on Alexis Sanchez looking to go to ground as well, there's not that much contact on him Rondon still trying to get to the ball, here's a free kick I think it's Rondon's suggestion to the referee to try and get Rondon booked method of pressuring to leave the ball I think Radio drew this out on the pitch you could probably get some Mustafi Consecutative Cola clamped his heart in the king off-center playing S Progress report in support as well too deep for Rondon to attack let's find Fletcher two bodies up the field when they win the ball back they've done a lot of work defensively chasing it but when they win it they are getting four or five players up the field so Super Sunday looks like this this week it starts off in North London with Tottenham hosting Southampton that's from one o'clock Sky Sports 1 and Manchester City against Liverpool is the second part of the double header that's from four Sky Sports 1 also the channel for that those clubs with their keen eye on what Arsenal can do here they come from behind to level it up after conceding from a set piece well the head of Craig Dawson he's looking for the run of Aaron Ramsey and on looked to make a forward Loop it went tokers back to the Argentina's back to explain the seven playoff victory well he'll come Oaks鼓 there we go Oaks play Chamberlain back to oxley chamberlain now goes to Shoulder toisen-i marks Lake Chamberlain Now Billery to Walcott West Bromwich Albion bodies behind the ball, knocking it around, looking for a way through. Rather trying to force it. Orson can roll it out, into the path of Chadley. And Rondon, not doing a bad job, but Rondon rolls it wide. So unfortunate for the strikers, at times this forward run to perfection. Chadley's got no support, the only pass on is to Rondon. So many strikers running behind the centre-half, run offside, he doesn't, he times his run perfectly, he's onside. Ney angles against him, able to score from there, does his best. On the counter-attack, doesn't matter they're short of numbers, they are causing a problem. Wolcott making a very good run, nearly picked out, but Costa was alert. Goalkeepers do have to play as sweepers at times, and read the play, read those forward passes. Ney-O-Mans track the run of Wolcott. Keeper does really well, just a step out in the nick of time. Nice close pass by Brant. Wolcott. Pick out a team-mate, and a couple of them in close attendance there, with Ramsey and Sanchez. At times, Wolcott's got to be more selfish, he's got an isolated... against Neal, he's hardly had a touch of the ball, in the opening half an hour, so take the full-back on, try and get across him. Koscielny. Ramsey. He hasn't snuck out any danger there. Hardly marked up, and his side in it a little here, by Gautier. He's going to win it a little here, by giving it to Alexis Sanchez. Aaron Ramsey! Super save by Costa, still needs clearing. Wolcott. Ney-O-Mans eventually got the chance to put it away. And very dangerously there, West Bromwich Albion. And the opportunity to play advantage perhaps, and it's been called back for a free kick. And you can see what Tony Pulis thinks of that. Not for the first time, but for the first time in a long time. And it's a good sign. Ramsey makes that run in between Dawson and McCauley. Brilliant bit of footwork. It's a wonderful save, and for a horrible minute, it looked like Neal was just going to control the ball into the path of Wolcott to tap in. And that move-in from Ramsey, and attacking midfielder, getting into dangerous areas, causing problems. Chadli. To Livermore. And it's Darren Fletcher! Feather check, so alert. Strong hand, too. Turn it wide for a corner. It was a wonderful save. But the weight of the pass encourages Fletcher to take this on first time. So maybe, check and then set himself. He knows Fletcher's not going to take a touch. So he's going to have to make a save from that angle. His positioning is brilliant. His reaction's very, very quick as well. Great stop. Both goalkeepers pulling off fine saves and quick success. Arsenal set themselves for another West Bromwich ambient corner. A short one to Chris Brunt. Evans was the man to meet it. McCauley was waiting for it. But Beck was back there for Arsenal. Now Livermore. Gorsuch. Puts it into a super area. Gorsuch has a right to expect more. He can't do any more. Getting out of his feet, whipping the ball in. He's got to expect his teammates to be taking a chance. Once again, expecting a decent ball to be played. They're all waiting for the ball. They're making their moves. It's too late. There's so much pace on it. There's no way you're going to catch up with it. Livermore didn't expect that enough on his initial head-up. Dawson gives McLean a chase. And I just wonder if Petr Cech has injured himself here. And he's gone to ground. And it looks far from comfortable. Just wonders if his calf is his hamstring. He's chasing that ball. He pulled it very quickly. He's got to get it from the inside. That's what he's doing. He's got to get it. That's what he's doing. Don't let him in. Don't let him in. He's got to get it. Don't let him in. That's what he's doing. He's got to get it. He's got to get it. David Ospina, who was spared sitting on the bench. His time out against Lincoln, with Petr Cech getting a rare cup outing. And now Ospina's going to get a rare Premier League outing, by the look of things. There's no way Chet's going to be able to carry on here. Is this where he picks up the injury? Well, clearly, yes. He plays that ball out. He's tweaked his calf. His hamstring could be his groin. At his age, it could be anything. Well, clearly, he's got a leg problem here. Why on earth they don't stick him on a stretcher and actually help him get off the field? Because this can't be helping. If it's a muscle strain, why on earth is he walking all this way? Let's assume in little doubt that he's not going to be returning. It's going to be the first time in the best part of a calendar year since over 11 months David Ospina is going to be called into Premier League action. The last two games he played, he picked the ball out of the back of his neck. He's snapped 10 times those two legs against Bayern Munich. This is where West Brom can't have any sympathy with the new goalkeeper. Every opportunity in the next couple of minutes to find the ball right in on top of Ospina, test him out. He's got to be a good baller. Mustafi. Works it to Valerie. Looks like Chamberlain. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well back. Alexis Sanchez. I was from distance. Nearly felt kindly, but Danny. Well back. Jack. Sanchez. Useful run through the center. So they're like. So they're like. So they're like. Just. Just. Just. Just. Just. Just. Oh. Oh. and you look at the way that West Brom are set up there effectively with a back six with Chadley dropping in on the right hand side of McLean on the left it's even more extraordinary that they left Alexis Sanchez in the space they did for the Arsenal equalizer it's a problem to go to sleep for a split second against a quality side he will be opened up but they tried the high press from the last goal kick they tried to press Arsenal who played past them but how quickly West Brom retreat back into their own half their defensive discipline and their legwork has been really impressive will come and chain few West Bromwich Albion and Tony Pulis restricting Arsenal to efforts like that Van Ness and Lenghi knows this side are going to dominate the volley it's about moving quickly playing at high tempo to stretch the game as much as possible it's not easy as well West Brom are working hard and very well organized from West Brom perspective down the left hand side Neom and McLean have worked really well hardly seen Bellerin and Walcott at all Arsenal far more productive down their left hand side with Sanchez and Monreal Sanchez remains down the injury to Alexis Sanchez may be a little serious they rolled it out now what color is the card yellow for James McLean that's a good piece of refereeing clearly was a foul Arsenal to carry on did the right thing he let the game flow it's just clumsy from McLean trying to recover sliding in if you do that and don't win the ball that's a nasty one right on the ankle you do deserve to be but the referee did the right thing trying to let Arsenal continue going forward assessing the damage that see Alexis Sanchez signaling you felt that might have been a little bit of a twist it was certainly a meaty old challenge wasn't it by James McLean and he's already lost one of his most important players to injury Patek Cech limping off moments ago it was a nasty one but it hopefully is just a good one it's just an impact injury you can run those off he'd actually caught his studs in the turf and twisted his ankle it's a whole different problem let's hope he can carry on because he's been really nice to stand out player in this first half he came to the rescue didn't he within three minutes of going behind he'd leveled it up wasn't so bad that he couldn't ask the referee a moment ago whether he had booked James McLean don't you believe him he was going at it on to his left side it was the long thought it took and he missed peter when that pitch comes forward Xiao I'd have qued the ball to that nine conocfa miss good 아 Chelsea, Ramsey Oh we're running to the last minute of the first half now Andy I think that lapse of concentration from Nasser Chadli, Tony Pulis will have seen his game plan executed pretty well won't he It's the first half we expected West Brom play on the counter attack threatening from a set piece, scoring still dominating the ball, they want to be patient trying to pick their way to Ben Foster it's just whether West Brom can keep it up it's very hard work playing this way Sanchez who looks to be moving just fine limp a little after he played the ball and there's Rencia and my let's hear what old R Effect's on Ramsey poop poop Everybody green sweepfolk Ramsey let it run across him and Neon clears Mustafi 2 minutes added time to play at the end of this first half Monreal Sanchez 2 players in the second half that really do have to come to the party for Arsenal we've hardly seen Welbeck and Wolcott at all so Sanchez and Ramsey breaking forward Arsenal are to win this game and they really do need to win this game Welbeck and Wolcott to get involved and again out of the ball again there Danny Welbeck he got a bit stronger when they play through the middle you have to be stronger expect a challenge at your back secure possession for your team he's just giving it away too cheaply we do have Olivier Giroud among their substitutes who's been in such good goal scoring form recently can't hold that off the bench Johnny Evans McLean 