Liverpool will look to capitalize on draws today for Spurs and Arsenal with Manchester City playing tomorrow, they know that a win by two goals today and they will be top of the table, Liverpool are unbeaten in eight games since they lost against Burnley, they haven't lost here at Anfield since January and Monday's 0-0 draw against Manchester United was their first clean shoot of the season West Brom have been the draw specialists recently, three successive 1-0 draws and the last three meetings between these two sides have ended all square as well given away by Matip given away by Matip Romdon can have his first run although Matip has become a fixture at centre-back in the last few weeks the summer signing for Liverpool was there to tidy things up here's Milner who's been operating as a left-back very effectively since winning the shirt from Moreno Milana to Emre Can and then Milner on the move from left-back and Craig Dawson was there to head it away for West Bromwich Albion I think the system they play with Firmino in the side really suits Liverpool with a forced number nine that allows Coutinho or Mane to run into the space as he leaves Coutinho gives it back to the Larner and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane to make it to the end of the game and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane to make it to the end of the game Mane and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane now Chan Philip Coutinho some space out wide here for Sadio Mane Neill McClough there to close him down and there was contact and Neil Swarbrick has a look and in fact the assistant over there who is Richard West indicated quite clearly that the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane were the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane yes Mane tries to take Neill on the outside that's a correct decision if you look at Mane's left hand side and he's not going to make it Hayes needs to be in a good position and also Mane he was out on the field so it's not an easy job that the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane. Yes, Mane tries to take Niamh on the outside. That's a correct decision. If you look at Mane's left leg, he put it in between Niamh's leg, so that's a correct decision for me from the linesman and the referee. There you see. Good decision, no penalty. That's really good rotation from Liverpool, though. You see this West Brom side coming in with a back four, five across to defend and defend, but the three up front and Lallana, their movement, there's no positions for them, really. They can go anywhere on the pitch. There is Lallana, and now Firmino. Liverpool have started with a nice tempo about them. It's something it took them a while to find against Manchester United on Monday night. And Ray Chan. Now Coutinho. Coutinho. Often sees the funny side, doesn't he, Jurgen Klopp? But what an impact he's had here, glad at Liverpool. It's a year to the day since the first match against Ruben Kazan, and there's been quite a transformation here. It certainly has, Darren, and I think Lovren was saying in that interview before the game how they're brave, they're attacking, and that's what he wants from his team. He wants them to enjoy their football. Smile. They're on their face. And he's certainly, he's got that from the Liverpool players. Away by Lovren. And then Dawson can send it back the other way. There's Coutinho. Fletcher working hard to get back for West Brom. Only Manchester City and Arsenal have scored more goals than Liverpool in the Premier League this season. They got four at Arsenal and here against Leicester, five against Hull four weeks ago. And when they do hit their stride and get the early goal in matches, they really can be an irresistible team to try and slow down. And that's the job that Tony Pulis and his players have here today. Chance here for Nasser Chadli to bring it forward. He's been in really good form. For West Brom in recent weeks, whether it be creating goals or scoring goals. And the flag up there against Salomon Rondon. You just saw that example there, Fletch, where West Brom have won the ball. Chadli's going, he's trying to get forward. Can't pass that first ball forward. There's not enough support going up there. And the first pass goes backwards. And you just fear that West Brom, if they can't get a ball to go forward or at least square first, they can't get out from this Liverpool side. They're pinning them in. That's it for Mané. And Firmino. And then Lallana can move in. And Liverpool are going through the gears. And it falls for Coutinho. That's for the position Coutinho loves. You know, he hit one against David De Gea on Monday night, a great save from De Gea. And he just finds himself 18, 19 yards out. Tries to bend it in with his right foot, but no good defending from West Brom. He's coming off his best season in goal-scoring terms for Liverpool. Coutinho got 12 last season. He's already got four this time around as well. And it's such an important aspect, isn't it, of a number 10's job, if they can weigh in with double figures in terms of goals as well. It's interesting. I mean, I think he's got a lot of potential in that flex. I know he's playing in a number 10 shirt, but they've got three number 10s at times, you know. That's the beauty of their rotation up front. And he's playing out on the left a little bit now. And then he goes in and he comes out again. And then somebody else goes in there. Lallana to Firmino. And then Phillips got there in front of Chan. He's scored about a fourth of the total. Yeah, there he moved out for the left hand tag. I can't imagine that, he moved his face sideways, I'm just trying to watch what he's going to do. Coutinho has moved out towards this side that Glenn was talking about. Can't keep it in play. It's so important for West Brom, you know, to support Rondon. You're right about Chadley Darroch, you know, in West Brom's last seven, he's got a big role for this side today when Rondon does get the ball he supports him himself back in the Belgium squad as well hasn't he after the early season performances Nasser Chadli here's Olsen the solitary change made by Tony Pulis today Johnny Evans suspended up it goes towards Rondon who's a big target to find now Fletcher Chambers there for Liverpool Dawson forward from right back who can tease one in towards McLean and Rondon this is West Brom they've four men in the box you know Fletcher tried to put the ball in you know coming in men forward eventually the ball from Dawson was over hit it's good to see one of the full-backs as well joining in going up that high to make the extra man I think they'll do it but they'll do it when they've got really composed possession that there's no threat that they can get hit on the break from Liverpool away by McAuley who's a key man for Northern Ireland at the European Championships in the summer you can see all of the scores going through the bottom of the screen from the early games in the Premier League today it's McLean challenge made on him by Clyne it's McLean challenge made on him by Clyne Neom's ball in which wasn't dealt with by Nati Milner was there though behind him for Liverpool Firmino can have a run against Olsen just a little push there by the Brazilian on the Swede and we'll be discussing all of those goals by the way on the Premier League tonight from 8 o'clock tonight with Jake, Maka, Michael and Glenn Hoddle here on BT Sport here on BT Sport stadium in Electronic Camping more than lots of requests from Bradley prep beni retail I love this moment ama is the other one Macaulay up towards Rondon and away by Nathaniel Clyde Raka bin there quickly on the line he'll have to do lots of that central midfield today Phillips is the target for this long ball away by Dejan Lovren pushed there by McLean on Nathaniel Clyde but you can see Robbie Carney already in the match how much confidence Liverpool are playing with yeah they're knocking about well Darren you know obviously they've not many opportunities yet you know Mane against Nighan when the referee got it right no penalty but just want to see him move the ball a little bit sharp a little bit quicker I'm surprised I'm surprised I'm surprised they're not pressing West Brom a bit higher you know United start really well here on Monday night against them put them under pressure and I think West Brom have been quite comfortable when they've had the ball in their own final third you know been allowed to play there's Fletcher it's a bit of a gamble that's the point I'm saying Dan the first look was backwards there they've got to get turned and play forward to get out and they've got a chance in this game but Fletcher again a third time he's gone backwards first Firmino dropping a bit deeper this time out to Clyde Mane who was the intended recipient but Liverpool get it back again through Henderson now Lallana Coutinho thought about hitting it now Chan Milder available out wide West Brom doing exactly what United have done on Monday Darren you know when Liverpool have the ball it's a back six and three in front just leaving Rondon up front Ibrahim it's done that on Monday for United so they've obviously watched that game and employed the same tactics Concentration of course so important for those players who are defensive players for West Brom today here's Mane looking to burst in Olsen was across there could have picked an easier game couldn't he Jonas Olsen to make his comeback in with Jonny Evans suspended today against this Liverpool team Glenn that's full of goals not very much so he knows he's going to be defending and it's panned out that way but he's a really good solid professional he'll do his job he'll head it and he'll get to play forward if he can but the main thing is to make sure he gives no space at all to Firmino and anyone else that's making runs in there just look here McLean on the left hand side players a fullback Phillips here on the right hand side when Liverpool have comfortable possession plenty of license therefore for the likes of Matip to bring it forward from the back here's Lallana now Clyde Emre Can Mane Patinho into Firmino Mane and then back to Coutinho but West Brom able to win it back and now they can counter play through here to Phillips who's in and Rondon was the man in the middle he was looking to find there's three players there Chadley, Rondon and Phillips all looking to counter-attack effectively for West Brom and it's almost worked for them I tell you what Firmino does so well there to track the run I think he was a bit fortunate because as Phillips played the ball inside I think they've just clipped Firmino on the heel of the ball which would have stopped a certain goal that was a great wonderful break from West Brom and the first ball as I say went forward from Chadley Phillips makes a great run inside he's tried to play it across to him he's got back there the centre field and done tremendously well but that's what West Brom are looking to do they're looking to break on them and they've got some legs to do it as well and Liverpool have got to defend right when they attack there's the warning sign for Liverpool here's Milda Phillips has dropped back into that defensive position now Coutinho Jordan Henderson Nathaniel Clyde claim was in there firmly for West Brom it's Albion and then Jakob gives it away and Milda it was good defending Darren Woodard from Matip you know he's been brilliant since he's come to this football club he started the last eight games and when he started those Liverpool have not lost chant Milda away by McCauley it's like it's going to be one of those matches where the two Liverpool footballers will play in very advanced positions there's not been much in the way of defending for either Clyde or Milda to do so far both of them very comfortable playing that way here's Adam Lallana and now Sadio Mane Firmino back to Mane that just opens up West Brom a little bit and there we'll see Claudio Jakob to make a vital interception inside his own box and that's what he's in the team for getting himself into those positions covering for centre-halves good midfield play Mane it's a good ball out to him by Coutinho over at Neon was there for West Brom and then Olsen now Henderson Chanta Firmino Chadley there for West Brom now Clyde it's a good ball in as well by Nathaniel Clyde only McCauley was there for West Brom tried to get the ball in a bit earlier this time Liverpool but Firmino playing as a false number nine you know and he doesn't stay up there all the time if he's in that position you know if he takes a gamble and gets in that six-yard box Coutinho is going to hit one this time Cooley was in the way now Clyde and Mane taking on Neon there's defensive work for McLean to do back to Henderson lifted in towards Milner got the tweet West Brom are champion defenders but couldn't keep the header down there's the example you were talking about Fletch about the full-backs for Liverpool not really having to defend too much look where he is he's like the wide left winger getting into the far post West Brom are dropping so far so deep so early that's allowing him to do that and that's on the opposite side of the pitch Jürgen Klopp and Tony Pulis it was a bit lively between those two last season here when Divock Origi scored six minutes into stoppage time to earn Liverpool a draw Jürgen Klopp said it wasn't a friendly game and Liverpool celebrated as a team didn't they in front of the Kop at full-time which didn't necessarily work out for Liverpool and it wasn't necessarily pleased Tony Pulis too much there's a little foul on Dawson there from Firmino Dawson is a threat from set-pieces I'm not sure how to go for this one joint top scorer last year for Fletch, Dawson before goals only Salomon and Rondon got more didn't they for West Brom so as Robbie says he is a threat from the set-piece although he's just hanging out to this right-hand side for this one we'll see how it goes crossed towards the WRV back inexplaining just a good opportunity to hand him out into the third left 1 minute only back in the game he doesn't throw off and he faces it in defence a few percent in internationals technically this is a more personal display the late fools make matters possible for Jamal Green Darren Fletcher playing his 62nd successive Premier League match for West Brom, he's never missed a league game since signing for them from Manchester United and when you think what he went through with the health issues, it's astonishing that he's been able to come back and play with such regularity and to such effect Yeah he's the heartbeat of this West Brom in the middle of the park, the captain, the leader drives people on by Coutinho, Olsen there and Milner excellent dummy by Coutinho and Emre Can can lead the Liverpool charge here's Firmino, Mane's on the other side Mane's there, that's a fantastic goal absolutely brilliant from Liverpool started by the dummy from Coutinho and finished off by Coutinho and it's Danny O'Barnley absolutely wonderful goal spaces everywhere, just look at that dummy from Coutinho and you're right, Fletcher, Chan takes a gamble lovely little pass and Firmino Leon comes under the ball but Mane watches it all the way, he's got his eyes focused on it, a little volley Sarracen a little bit of a side foot volley great technique to keep his eyes on the ball and a side footer pass, Foster fantastic goal for Liverpool that's absolutely fabulous isn't it everything good about attacking football the little glance over Coutinho's shoulder to let it go the beautiful little weighted pass from Chan so Firmino can cross it on the spot and what a finish as well, he kept his head fabulous, fabulous football Salihomane's fourth goal of the season fourth goal as a Liverpool player and the ball went to the other end and Lloris carries from a comfortable catch well that might just open up West Bromwich Alby in a little bit that first Liverpool goal, it's something they weren't able to do Robbie here on Monday against Manchester United to open them up but it took something special didn't it to get the goal yeah it was the dummy from Coutinho just the awareness of the people around him he knew that Chan was running behind him fantastic dummy you know Glenn's right the weight of the pass from Chan to Firmino to cross it first time it's a great, great goal it reminded me of a throwback you know Fletcher of back in the 80s when they had their special team when they had the movement people running off the ball a little dummy that Dalglish would have made there what Coutinho made and this crowd have been used to that sort of football over the years but what a fabulous goal it's only the second goal that West Brom have conceded in the first half of matches this season Kevin Morales and Everton got the other one in stoppage time they've been the best team defensively in the Premier League in the first half so the fact that Liverpool have been able to get one so early in the match is something that hasn't been happening to West Brom and Tony Pulis this season I mean Tony Bates has got pride in the way his teams defend but you know sometimes you can't win a game like this you cannot defend against certain goals and that was one of them, everything was perfect there's Mane Firmino Adam Lallana Milner's made the run and Lallana spotted him early found him with a really good ball now Coutinho Dawson in the way Chan had to use his strength there to hold off Rondon Adam Lallana is all over the field Glenn already in the match he's been everywhere hasn't he he's got such quick feet and also when he needs to, when you give him time he'll get his head up, drive forward and he gets a beautiful pass to Milner in front of him he's got a great line behind him a minute ago he really is up for this he just needs to add them goals to his performances and he'll be some player was McCawley's challenge on Lallana got there just in time there's Mane and now Clyde Firmino had just stayed out there on that right wing and now he's got a great pass to Coutinho so Emery Chan is the furthest forward on this occasion and Ben Foster who was nigh unbeatable against Tottenham in the Premier League last weekend off his line quickly for West Brom yeah in this formation Emery Chan does get forward he had a chance against United great save from De Gea in the week but you know he's great pass to Firmino for the goal he's a he's a real good player you know filling in for Wijnaldum Dawson's ball in towards Phillips and Matty was there for Liverpool powerful header by McCawley and we're going to get the free kick here West Brom as well, Jurgen Klopp didn't agree judging by his body language on the technical area just going back to that point there I think that's where Klopp is really clever those two midfield players Chan and Henderson they can rotate they're allowed to go into that penalty area and if Chan goes the other one sits Henderson goes Chan sits and it's a really good rotation from the deeper midfield players Olsen's gone forward for the set piece plenty of time here for Jordan Henderson fantastic ball out to Mane you see there you've got a set piece it's cushioned into the centre before he's fixed on McLean's 15 yards outside the box that's going to be West Brom's best opportunity I believe to score from the set piece you've got to commit them forward and a flick by Coutinho to Lallana and Kletcher was working hard but too hard according to Neil Shoredrick free kick to Liverpool they've got pace on the line and a small amount of contact there from Fletcher here's Coutinho he could descend it all the way out there to Nathaniel Clyne works some room for the cross and saves a really good ball in as well Emre Can was reaching for it couldn't quite get there there's that example of Chan getting in the penalty area but this is great look drop of the shoulder brings him inside takes him on the outside and what a cross this is just waiting for a red shirt to get on the end of it but it's really positive for Liverpool look at that beautiful ball in that corridor in between the keeper and the last defender and the deep line midfield player gets in that box and almost gets himself a goal you're tempted to say here Robbie that it's back to the drawing board for West Bromwich Albion but what can Liverpool do at this moment in time Liverpool having all the possession the quality of ball to Rondon has not been good they've got no support to him and the quality set pieces has in a couple been very disappointing so far for West Bromwich Clyne's on the move again from right back and you can see the idea there from Henderson lots of football coming your way on BT Sport next week we'll see Liverpool again they're at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace coverage starts at 5 o'clock BT Sport 1HD and 4K UHD and then a double header the following weekend Chelsea against Everton is the game on Saturday 5 o'clock start and then the following day we've got the North London derby Arsenal against Tottenham on Sunday the 6th of November fireworks the night after bonfire night quarter past 11 we start BT Sport 1HD and 4K UHD Lovren against Rondon there referee decides to give the free kick to Liverpool Rondon backing in towards Lallana and that's a goal from West Bromwich from the top of the middle Liverpool 2-4 the goal Liverpool 2-4 Liverpool 2-4 compared to West Bromwich and the pass accuracy they're finding their men moving the ball quick they've got the goal do those numbers count that West Bromwich have been passed to death Clyne I think the reason that is for Aaron is that Liverpool players when they're in possession that they can pass to, whereas West Brom at times, when they win it, it's 60 yards, 70 yards, and that's the major difference. That's why they'll be able to be so accurate in their passing. And the movement off the ball, look at the rotation now. There's six players running off the ball for Liverpool when someone's in possession. It's sloppy from Karius, which gives West Brom the throw-in. Karius is starting for the fourth successive match in the Premier League, preferred these days to Simon Mignolet. Dawson's got a decent long throw on him. That's what he chooses to do. It goes shorter instead to Chadley. Now Claudio Jakub. On by McLean, but through to Karius. More defending from Neon today. He gets a bit of help in there from Claudio Jakub as well. Here's McLean, and now Chadley. West Brom at the moment, I think, just happy to hold on to the ball for a while. Here's Fletcher. Now James McLean. And Lallana showing his defensive strengths as well back there for Liverpool. Chadley can play it forward here to Salomon Rondon. And then McLean and Phillips is waiting for the cross. And the block made over there by Nathaniel Clyne. It's good defending from Clyne, not letting the cross come in. It is interesting, though, when West Brom do get in the last third and get wide, they actually have got four. Four or four players in that penalty area. Here's Fletcher. Now Jakub. He's lost it there, and Adam Lallana can bring it forward. Coutinho's making a run. Chan getting forward as well. Milder looking to join in from left back too. Here's Lallana. And still Lallana. And he's got it. He's trying to kick out the top corner. It couldn't do it, but they're so dangerous, Liverpool, when you give the ball away in those areas. I think that sums up West Brom. Negative first off. To play the ball backwards to a centre-half. There's Lallana. Tries to get that to his left foot. Goes for that far corner. It's been so impressive so far. Adam Lallana's work rate. I think when you look at him, Robbie, he's one of the main beneficiaries, isn't he, under Jurgen Klopp. He's really flourished, hasn't he, here at Liverpool, since Klopp's. Green here. England are reaping the rewards as well at international level. Yeah, he's done really well. You know, his movement. It looks like he's gained a yard of pace as well, the way he goes past people. It's given away by Dawson to Jordan Henderson. And the minute they do lose it, West Brom, you can see the red shirts all start to make their runs. Here's Clyne. Now Mane. Coutinho. Coutinho always seems to have space. When he's got the ball. Now Milner. Still managed to squeeze the cross in. And a big shout there from Ben Foster. This is... This is from Milner. We know they're going to cross the goalkeeper. OK, it was a bit too close to him for Mignosi. Tried to get there. At least it was the first time Milner tried to go on the outside. He's been coming back on that right foot. Tony Puleus would have had that defence just squeezing out as soon as he comes back on his right. But going on the outside causes you another problem. So Chadley was fighting a losing battle in there, but he's got the free kick. Yes, Emery Chan is trying to win the ball off Chadley. He's working hard, Chan. You can see Tony Puleus when the free kick was taken. And he was saying, get in there, get in the box. But no, they played it short. I'm up towards Chadley. Clyne was there for Liverpool. And then Adam Lallana to Firmino. On Milner. And a day! Sanders! I think he's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. Roberto Firmino. Emery Chan. Coutinho. Mane. So interesting, Dan. When Liverpool attack, they tend to leave a block in the middle of the pit. So Chan, Henderson, Matip and Lovren. That allows all the other players to attack. You can get your full backs high up the park. And if it breaks down, you're strong in the middle of the park. Walker for Foster. It's not gone very far. There's Mane. And now Coutinho. And still Coutinho. Oh, that's fantastic! Philippe Coutinho is putting on a bit of a show in the first half here at Anfield. And Liverpool lead 2-0. Well, brilliant from Coutinho. That, you've got to say. And then you said, Macaulay and Dawson both for a cup of tea. It's not half time yet, but it may as well be. First off again, Fletcher going backwards. The ball bounces into Foster. Okay. He's missed, hit the clearance. But just watch this now. Both players dive in. Coutinho is allowed to come inside on his right foot. And beat Foster at his knee at post, Glenn. Well, it's all stemmed from Fletcher, isn't it? I've said early on, there's three or four occasions where he's looked to go backwards first. And to give your goalkeeper a ball that's spinning in the air. And it was really an awkward one for Foster. And he couldn't get a good clearance on it. And it all stems from there. But wonderful finishing. The way he's cut inside and kept his head and just got Foster on the near post. And I think this is now game over. I think I saw you do that, Dan, on the television once. Yeah, I think I got a seventh. It's been an excellent attacking display, hasn't it, so far? By Liverpool. Coutinho had a big hand in the first goal with a dummy. And the goal he just scored, squeezing it into Foster's near post. His fifth goal of the season. Liverpool doubled their lead. And it's difficult to see at the moment what West Brom can do, if anything, to get themselves back in the game, Glenn. Well, the way they've been set up, they can't get out. That's the problem. When I said it at the top of the show, at the top of the game, it's whether the midfield players can get that ball down, have the composure to get it into Chadley. To get it into Rondon. And that hasn't happened. They've gone backwards, as we've been saying, and causing their own problems now. Firmino on the run this time. Caught the foot in by Jakob from West Brom. So many teams play this pattern, though, don't you? You see the pattern. Nobody's taking a little bit of a risk. We're one of the ones. We're the right-wing side, men. They're going so far back for West Brom. They're looking after the right-back and the left-back, Milner and Klein. Sometimes you just think, just let one of them stay up and see what they do. Take a risk. 英 Man United have got a lot of sticks for coming here and getting a draw. It is really hard to do when you're set out as a more defensive team, you've got to concentrate, the minds are looking out for you, mindset's different you know and people say well United come to Anfield only got a point but it's a good point for Jose Mourinho's men. This is when you bear in mind what happened to Arsenal on their own pitch on the opening weekend and what Liverpool were able to do at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea as well. Here's Henderson and now Clyne and they're hunting more goals here Liverpool Firmino quick to Clyne putting on a show of times aren't they Liverpool the confidence is in through the ball. That's wonderful skill isn't it. Back to play good vision lovely little skill one foot onto the other you've got the full-back driving on through and am I right in saying at this moment in time they're top of the league 2-0 up. Yes it would be enough wouldn't it those draws today for Spurs and Arsenal the Arsenal one particularly against Middlesbrough one that people didn't see coming Manchester City play tomorrow so do Manchester United Liverpool will be top if they can win the match by two clear goals they're doing that at the moment would be a fitting end I suppose in many ways to Jurgen Klopp's first full year in charge they've come a long way since that nil-nil here in the Europa League against Ruben Kazan Tom pyl. Henderson or Coutinho supported here by James Milner Philip Coutinho Lallana Sadio Mane Lallana had never stopped running there Leon across for West Bromwich Albion and now McLean can try and bring it the other way but that bit of acceleration from Mane got him there first Goal! Goal! Goal! Powered by Jakub on Coutinho Joel Matip on Nathaniel Klein here's Lallana swings another one forward for Firmino who gets there Now it was almost a wonderful pass wasn't it Lallana opens his body up look at that great ball in behind he just couldn't quite get there could he for me but the movement again some Champions League football to tell you about we've got the rematch between Manchester City and Barcelona on Tuesday the 1st of November 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 and 4K UHD and the following night Tottenham against Bayer Leverkusen that's on the 2nd of November from Wembley 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 4K UHD as well as every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport It's a competition that Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp will be hoping to play in next season the Champions League and tip their wits against some of Europe's best certainly heading in the right direction aren't they that's good from Chap powered by Fletcher just a yard shot all over the park West Brom missing challenges you know Fletcher there great skill from Chan he misses the challenge and he misses the chance of a big goal I think he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful well there's a suspension for Claudio Jakob and he basically talked his way in there didn't he fifth booking this season so he's going to be suspended for the next one didn't really give Neil Swarbrick an option did you Robbie no he's screaming in the referee's face Tony Poulos wasn't happy you can see going to be suspended now for the next game I don't know about next week but now he's got it booking he's got a long way to go with all them little quick-footed Liverpool players there shifting the ball he's got to really play discipline now if not he'll be sent off what can West Brom do in the second half can they put another forward on Al Robson can who you know what what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here I don't know the They can only hit Liverpool on the counter, but they haven't got the players to do it. It was interesting when he spoke to Des Kelly before the game, and Des said Manchester United were able to hold them here on Monday, and he said you did mention that was Manchester United. That's how hard it is. He was under no illusions, Tony Pulis, when he came here today. Those fears have been confirmed by Liverpool in the first half, and of course they'll attack the Kop in the second half, which is often the end where they save their best stuff. So that's all to come West Brom's way in the second half, but they've been pretty irresistible, haven't they, so far here in Liverpool? In the first half of this one, the goals from Sadio Mane, Philippe Coutinho, and Liverpool with this comfortable 2-0 lead. West Brom give the ball again, give it away again, inside their own half. There's Chan, away by McCauley. Fletcher was almost caught in possession there by Coutinho. Fletcher, away by Mane. Foot in there from Clyne. And then Mane was bundled over by Olsen. That just again sums up West Brom. The pass from Chadwick is behind James McLean, he's going to have to turn, he goes, turns, goes back, and then Olsen tries to win the ball in front of Mane. Definite free kick. I'd like to see what the boys think, Michael and Maka, at half-time. It was a great first goal for Liverpool, but Ne-Yam's position, did he get too much under the ball, did he know where Mane was?