link up with Darren Fletcher but good luck to him. Liverpool attacking the Kop in the second half leading by two goals to nil and as it stands heading to the top of the table. There's Nathaniel Clyne and now Firmino. Brunt's first touches to get there in front of Philippe Coutinho which is something that West Brom players found difficult to do in the first half. Offside flag up against Firmino. Can they do anything tactically here in the second half, Glenn West Brom, to make it more competitive or is it down to eradicating the sort of mistakes that the boys were talking about at half-time? Well they haven't, they haven't come out and changed things, they've kept the same shape they've just put Brunt in there as the holding player actually and Fletcher and Chadley but for me Chadley's the one that's got to get closer to your centre forward and almost at times take a bit of a risk and and then you've got to get the ball out of the way. You can put two up there and come you know surprise surprise Liverpool. Savio Mane's out for the second half he was limping at the end of the first. Here he is on the ball, Coutinho. Still Coutinho, this time they get a body in the way West Brom. Now Fletcher. Matt Phillips is through the forward for Albion, here he is. He's got a good shot, he's got a good shot. Milner was there to dispossess him relatively straightforwardly. Done so well out in the left back position, James Mane of this season, he's got four goals obviously all from the penalty spot but in his general play I think he's been so good for this Liverpool side. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Here's Clyne. Lallana. There's Matip. Clyne was in there for West Brom. And then Neom. Being closed down quickly by Firmino. Emery Chan wins the header. Now Mane. Just look at that, they're 2-0 up, they're closing down Firmino and then Chan wins the second ball. Then, you know, the regained possession. West Brom haven't got an out ball whatsoever. You know, Rondon against Matip and Lovren is getting no service whatsoever. And as Glenn said, there's nobody needed. If he even does win the ball. They're going to make another change as well. It looks as though James Morrison is going to be coming on. The slip has just been handed to the fourth official, Lee Mason. So it's going to be another change for West Brom at the start of the second half. Here's Coutinho for Liverpool and now Firmino. Olsen had to get across and just lean on him a little bit to allow Foster to get there. Yeah, very good defending from Olsen on that occasion. He went with the run, he's seen it. He's got it. You know, just put his left arm across him. Very good defending. Foster was alert to get out. Firmino. And now Henderson, Liverpool winning most of those second balls. Now Milder. His first excursion down the left in the second half. He made quite a few of those in the first. Now Coutinho. Lots of space here for Clyde. Slides one in. Really important defending by Brunt. So much time and space there for Nathaniel Clyde for Liverpool. Now Emre Can. Coutinho. Lallana, who is coming back from an offside position. They're getting so many sort of aggressive positions. That's come from Milner. That pass was back from Milner into Chan and they changed the play. And Clyne's as high up as Milner on the opposite side of the pitch. It's so difficult to defend there. If you've got somebody who can change the play, you get in all day long. Matt Phillips is coming off for James Morrison. It's only start this season. Morrison was in the League Cup tie against Northampton. Coming off the bench in the Premier League for the fifth time. Rondon challenged by Lallana. Just like Morrison's gone into a midfield area. And Chris Brunn has just slightly moved over to that right-hand side, which... ..is quite a surprise. Tony Pulis has turned to two of the longest-serving players at West Brom. It'll be interesting to see what really is in Tony's mind. Has he put Brunt over there to stop Milner getting forward? Because he's been so dangerous getting down that left-hand side for Liverpool. Or is it, have a go at him? Get the ball down and run at him. Clyne to Henderson. And Brunt. Clyne to Henderson. And Rallana was the player he was trying to pick out. There's Daniel Sturridge. He's on the bench again today. He's only started 32 of Liverpool's last 128 games in all competitions, despite that he was the top scorer last season. But looks like a shape and a system at the moment, doesn't it, with Firmino as the false nine that suits Liverpool, extremely well, Glenn? Well, it does today. And I think, you know, if Sturridge comes on or he plays starts in the future and one of those guys come out, I don't think there's that much difference. I think they've got so much rotation there. Even if Sturridge is starting at the top, he moves around just like Firmino. And that's what is the major asset for me in Liverpool, watching them play, the freedom that Klopp has given them. And the midfield just have sorted it out a little bit more. The question now for Liverpool is can they do it against a better team? Can they play with this freedom against the very top teams? We'll find out in the coming weeks where they've got the rematch against Chelsea and they've got Manchester City here as well on New Year's Eve. We'll bring you that game on BT Sport. There are big tests on the horizon for Liverpool. They've got Jorginho Wijnaldum back on the bench as well today after picking up that hip injury. There are all the scores from the earlier fixtures. You can see that Tottenham and Arsenal were held scoreless in draws today. That means that if the result stays as it is here at Anfield, Liverpool will be top of the table. The champions Leicester back on track with a win in the Premier League against Crystal Palace. And a late winner for West Ham against Sunderland gives them back-to-back victories. We'll discuss all of those matches on Premier League tonight with Jake and the team. We'll be joined by Steve McManaman, Michael Owen and Glenn Hoddle from 8 o'clock on BT Sport. Here's Emre Can for Liverpool. He was waiting for Milda. Changed his mind and went to Coutinho. Clyne. Firmino. Lallana, Firmino. Now Coutinho. Plenty of taste on the cross which was defended by Gareth McCauley and then hooked on its way by Neon. So comfortable for Liverpool. I love him. Just going in a tackle as well. Must have some great eight-a-sides, Sav. You see Coutinho, Firmino, Lallana, all their quick feet and training must be sensational to watch them. There's Lovren. They still talk about the goal he scored here very late on against Borussia Dortmund. Now Firmino. Lovely turn again. Every trick in the book from Liverpool so far, and West Brom finding it so hard to cope with. Yes, brilliant from Firmino, the drag back on one foot, then the other. Dawson committed to the challenge. So McCauley come here to the challenge, coming out of his centre-half position. And that's the right play, Sav, isn't it? To do skills like that. Any kids watching, he's going down an alleyway where he's got nowhere to go and that's where you... If you've got a weapon up your sleeve, produce it then. There's Lovren and Matip who have gone up for the free kick. Which is far too deep. It's about the first thing that's gone wrong for Liverpool today. Milner hitting the free kick too far. We must for City to win another away game. Vinic thought... Liverpool completely dominating the possession even more so in the second half there's Brunt Lovren's gone across there they've got three in the box as well here Chadley and Rondon McLean's in there as well, it was Milder who got his foot to it and then Coutinho quickly onto the loose ball and now here's the pacey Mane Milano and Firmino have made their inroads into the penalty area as has Coutinho and then Firmino and Foster did well incisive passing and the speed of attack again from Liverpool brilliant, just thought that could he have just lifted over Foster there Firmino you know, he was out quipped Foster Henderson's been caught there the yellow card shown to James McLean Liverpool have got a free kick in a dangerous position they're so incisive like you said Fletch he knows red burst of pace from Mane down this right hand side but just look at Coutinho unmarked and then Firmino just wanders into an area just think here, could he have lifted it with Foster rushing that was a great block from McAuley actually it shows you also Liverpool have got that counter up their sleeve there they've got quick men in their team not only with the build up and the short passes but that counter attack was sensational wasn't it Philip Coutinho over the free kick and it goes towards Matic brilliant save by Foster and then the acrobatic effort by Firmino Lundgren I think it was who got his head to it Matic was in there too, they were queuing up for Liverpool that's a great ball in, please go on to the next one that's a great ball in, please go on to the next one Coutinho to a great area what a save from Foster, seen it all the way great header and then Firmino with acrobatics but just see there, trying to glance into that far corner Foster who was great against Spurs last weekend produces a wonderful save continues the run under Yusuke and Jurgen Klopp that is only Manchester United have stopped Liverpool scoring in the Premier League since he's been the manager it's the 19th game today only a couple of matches against Manchester United have they failed to find the net it's a different problem for West Brom in their last 18 league matches they've only scored more than one goal in a game once that was the 4-2 win against West Ham last month they've tended to rely on Rondon and Chadley for the goals and neither of them have really had any kind of opportunities today Chadley was there defensively on the halfway line but Liverpool still getting out here to Firmino now Lallana Firmino's on the run again and he's just trying to shove Ney on the side and Foster slid across Liverpool, they're going to get the corner just don't give you a minute at the back though, do they Liverpool? that time was very good defending from Ney when the ball was slipped through just in quite the pace there and Ney got his right foot to the ball and Foster couldn't keep it in Henderson the captain out here to take the corner Lovren and Matip are going to start their runs from the edge of the box this time it's in towards Joel Matip and away by McLean on by Lallana there's Rondon and he's got a runner to his left here in Chadley still Nasser Chadley but Milder was there though for Liverpool he just took him from the left back position now the counter-attack Firmino to Chan now Milder just wanted a better ball from Rondon there Fletch you know he wants it in front of him Chadley was just a bit too slow the pass he had to check Chadley you know then six players for Liverpool got back that was Clyde good challenge by McLean we always associated the speed of attack at Borussia Dortmund with the Jurgen Klopp side didn't we but they had that ability that Robbie's just talked about to get bodies around the ball and work so hard as well and cover so much ground which we're seeing from Liverpool in abundance this season it's the speed they do it in when they played that 1-2 to get in behind West Brom there it was the speed there that it was done at sometimes it's impossible it was good defending from Lyon in the end but it's the pace it's slow slow and it goes bang really quick difficult to defend there's Clyde squeezes one into the line another step over Firmino will try to tee up Coutinho it's gonna fall in straight for Emre Can who can't keep it down I think Coutinho might have liked to have walked onto that without the Lallana touch yeah I think he was just trying to set it for Mignolet there's the first set from Chan which is perfect actually out of his feet but he just couldn't get quite round it come on Klopp there kicking every ball this is the pass from Rondon just look he wants it in front of him there you know it's it's a lazy pass that's finding my man hit it in front so he can get onto it and drive at this Liverpool defence and then Chadli gets snuffed out by six Liverpool players it was Chadli Firmino was there for Liverpool and Mane starts to make a run Coutinho's already on the move on the other side Savio Mane Lallana Mion was there Firmino Clyne now Henderson Lallana Nathaniel Clyne fouled by Neal on Clyne free kick to Liverpool they were quite happy just to pop the ball around and wait for the opening to arrive silly tackle from Neal he's never going to win the ball there good play from Clyne fix it around the corner and the goalie gets it in a very good way and the goalie goes for the free kick and it's a good one and it's a good one and it's a good one Henderson with the latest Liverpool free kick and it's a good one and it's a good one Coutinho there's Lovren and now Lallana and in towards Matip and away by Neon for West Brom and away by Neon for West Brom and it's a good one Matip towards Firmino Matip towards Firmino Neon there again Olsen away Olsen away West Brom are going to make another change West Brom are going to make another change Hal Robson-Karnu is stripped and ready for them Jurgen Klopp has sent Moreno, Wijnaldum and Origi Jurgen Klopp has sent Moreno, Wijnaldum and Origi to warm up as well to warm up as well Hal Robson-Karnu who was such a hero for Wales in the summer of the European Championships hasn't had many opportunities though Robbie so far at West Brom hasn't had many opportunities though Robbie so far at West Brom what a fantastic use he had especially that goal against Belgium when he sent world class players the wrong way when he sent world class players the wrong way I wonder why he hasn't had a lot of games to West Brom it took him a long time to sign for a football club it took him a long time to sign for a football club in the events he chose West Brom but his opportunities have been very limited saying that his record in the Championship in Redmondham wasn't very good at all in terms of goals per game it was the Euros which obviously tempted West Brom to go for him McLean didn't seem happy to come off but Robson-Karnu is on fourth appearance off the bench for West Brom this season still only 2-0 down despite Liverpool's dominance if they could score the next goal in the game it might make for an interesting finish but they've been hanging on in the main haven't they for large parts of this second half there's the left back Alan Neom and Sadio Mane's challenge and Liverpool get the throw against the work there from Mane down this Liverpool's right inside gets back makes the tackle wins the throw in for his side there's Fletcher behind Robson-Karnu Milner can sweep it away what a ball that is into Philippe Coutinho who's in here Coutinho waits Emre Can arrives what a block by Olsen brilliant defending by Jonas Olsen he's out to be 3-0 Liverpool brilliant brilliant play from Olsen there what a block but it was Coutinho who just perfect pass to Chan tees up Milner this time Milner again Foster down sharply Milner's ball though to Coutinho what a fantastic 70 yard ball and a bit of defending look at this he's had a little look at glass it's a wonderful, wonderful ball weighted to perfection Coutinho you think he's gonna he comes back inside again like he did first half with the goal sets up Chan but fabulous, fabulous defending here Olsen comes from nowhere look he's covered the area got the blocking but a great break from Liverpool again just scores to show though Glen the fluidity in the side you know Chan sits there with Henderson but as you say if Henderson says Chan can get forward in support I think this freedom that they've got if they can produce this against the City's and the Chelsea's and the Arsenal's that's their next challenge I think I've seen them play this season in spells and against lesser teams if you like down the bottom half of the league they can do this Firmino and then Coutinho another chance to shoot here Chan you talk about Manchester City again I mean they did it twice to them last season didn't they in the league first time early in Klopp's reign at the Etihad and then here towards the end of the season after the League Cup final I think he's expecting more than the two goals that they've got at the moment although the glasses remain intact which is always a blessing with Jurgen Klopp isn't it I think he's frustrated because Chan just had a chance before and the one before he's hit one over the bar and then the third time now it's shown a bit of frustration but to be fair Chan has been out quite a long time he's got to get his shooting boots on Morrison out for Dawson now Robson Kanu trying to feed it through there towards Morrison Dawson gets another chance Matip away now Fletcher Olsen to Brunt Chadley wanted it instead it's away by Matip for Liverpool Craig Dawson Fletcher lifts one up towards Salomon Rondon and Dejan Lovren got the last touch it's going to be a corner to West Grom and a cheer from the corner from their supporters who have celebrated that Robbie like a goal certainly I was Lovren with a flick you know it was a run from Rondon the West Grom fans are singing now they've got a corner some big targets to find here for West Grom and they've all gone to crowd around Loris Karius Chadley Olsen McAuley Dawson they were all in there weren't they wasn't comfortable at all Liverpool's goalkeeper Chadley and McAuley they can stand on reason why they can't see whether Brunt can find the quality from that side with his left foot once you whip on the corner it's away by Firmino here's Chadley and it's the best chance West Brom have got to win the game it was interesting because when they were jostling Chadley was the one right on the keeper and he just pulled off into that space and very unfortunate he couldn't get a clear kick you just watch him back away from all the all the players all the West Brom players and everyone in that six yard box and create his own space just couldn't quite keep it down could he that's the man in form isn't he for West Brom four goals in his last four matches the first attempt on goal in the match for West Brom compared to 16.2% from Liverpool I think what this says is it's just I think that Liverpool are a better team without Sturridge I think when Sturridge plays you know the two he plays up against the centre-halves and they stay deep I think when you play with a force number like Firmino drops in to you know the number 10 position one of the centre-halves goes with him that allows a space for Mane or to for Coutinho to run into so you know Sturridge has endowed qualities as you said Darren earlier you know top scorer last season but I just think the way Liverpool play when Sturridge plays is a different dynamic for this team it's an example of the options though that's available this season to you know Jürgen Klopp when you think of Divock Origi as well as a different type of forward player Wijnaldum who's been starting for Liverpool is on the bench today there's Lallana and now Mane Lovren Milner's way ahead of him up the touchline there's Clyde and now Henderson space for Mane Henderson wants it back and gets it back and the cross was blocked by Chadley there's a great example of the movement again Henderson plays the ball wide gets little blind run in behind the full back searching and there's Chan in the centre of the pitch just playing in the holding role so the balance is always good with Liverpool and they're attacking in by Henderson floated ball in this time Firmino couldn't get it under control Robson Kanu all of his support players are behind him at the moment although Rondon has got forward to join in Robson Kanu did well to keep it now Olsen Morrison to Fletcher and out towards Brunt Morrison gives chase and Matip gets across Brunt gets his head to that one and it's going to be a West Brom throw it just took a nick off Nathaniel Klein according to Neil Swarbrick and it's going to be a West Brom throw it just took a clock out it's an awkward ball from the centre back it was running towards Neal when it bounced up to him Fletch what a throw in that is it's the most awkward throwing you could it's the most neglected thing in football throw in's i feel throw it to him again but it's not easy football throw-ins I feel. Throw it to him on the volley so it's easy for him just to pop it back or play wherever he wants to play. Interested to see it full-time when Tony Pulis speaks to Descalier what his assessment of his own side is but also what he thinks of this Liverpool team because he's usually pretty frank and honest isn't he when he gets asked questions post-match, the West Brom manager. It's been a bit of a chastening experience. Despite the fact it's only 2-0 for his side today they found it hard to cope with Liverpool. On by Mane to Firmino, McCauley was there, Fletcher beat Chan to it. Here's Morrison. Let's get the sense there might be a bit of confidence growing in West Brom. It's going to fall here for Rondon, Matip was there, now Robson, Kanu. Eventually Liverpool get bodies around the ball but Morrison can hit one and guided it off target. A couple of chances though. For Tony Pulis' side, Glenn, in the last couple of minutes. Yeah well the substitutes have come on and done well. They're the two subs they're working well. Robson, Kanu there just pokes the ball off. Just getting bodies forward. They haven't had enough composed possession to get enough people to take the risk to get forward. It's been the ball up there to one person isolated and it's nine times out of ten it's come straight back at them. And there they got people forward. Free kick given to Liverpool. I don't think we've got some big Premier League matches on the way. You'll see Liverpool again next Saturday. They're at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace from five o'clock on BT Sport 1HD, 4K UHD. And a doubleheader Chelsea Everton on the 5th of November. That's a five o'clock start. And an early start on the Sunday for the North London derby. Arsenal versus Tottenham on Sunday the 6th of November. 11.15 BT Sport 1HD, 4K UHD as always. 3.30pm on the clock. 3.30pm on the clock. Liverpool 2 West Bromwich Albion 0 with 15 minutes of this match to go. There's Dawson. Then forward by Robson Kanu towards Rondon. Chan wasn't aware that he was behind him. Al Brunt. Oh! Look at that, though, without the ball Liverpool. You know, Rondon was sprinting across the field, but Liverpool got men back. They desired to win the ball back very quickly. Therefore, for some, Morrison won it back. Rondon's shot charged down by Chan. Meehan was determined with Firmino. And that determination went his side. The throw-in. And the Liverpool fans in the front of that stand didn't agree with it. Here's Chadler. Fletcher. In towards Robson Kanu. That'll be a Liverpool ball. Seen a response, hasn't he, Glenn, in the last ten minutes or so? Tony Pulis. Yeah, when you send your substitutes on, you ask them to make a little bit of a change, make a difference. You know, the team haven't been playing well, so they've got a bit of a freeway. They go on and they think, oh, I can only improve this performance. And that's what's happened. But it's Morsels, isn't it? They're not in a real sort of composed way of playing. It's all a bit huff and a puff at the moment. Yes. Dawson just catches. Coutinho in the side of the head. Ref gives a free kick. There's John W Henry, who can look on at the moment with his side provisionally top of the Premier League table, if they can hang on to this win today. And the Boston Red Sox, his baseball team, not involved in the playoffs in the States, so he can come to Merseyside and watch the game. Jurgen Klopp's going to make his first change as well. Jorginho Wijnaldum is ready to come on. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. We think he'd be looking to protect Lallana. He's been out. Been very impressive today, Lallana again, but obviously coming back, though, he's been out injured. He would have thought it would be in his mind to just protect him a little bit. There's John Matick. And now Lallana. James. James. Push out. Push out. Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Sadio Mane. Jordan Henderson. Great player from Liverpool, you know. They involve a keeper. They pass it out. They build it. Do it at the right time, the right area. I think we've seen teams recently, Darren, just choose their option when they're under pressure. Instead of smashing it long, you know, they try and play it. That was the right time to play then. We've got the corner, which was wonderful by Roberto Firmino. James Milner's gone out there. Jurgen Klopp will make the change, and he was spot on, Glenn. It is Adam Lallana who's coming off. And the Liverpool supporters inside Anfield rise to applaud him off. You've been impressed by him again today. He's been very impressive, hasn't he? And he's just feeling it a bit fatigued now, that the next few games coming up for Liverpool, he's right that he's in there. He creates so much for them, and as I've said before, he's trying to score some goals now and looking dangerous, but a terrific young player. So Jorginho Wijnaldum comes on, who injured his hip during the internationals. Adam Lallana not able to mark his 100th appearance for Liverpool with a goal. Milner's corner away by McAuley. Henderson misjudges it, and the break's on again here for West Brom, led by Rondon, now Brunt. Morrison just had it nicked away from him by Chan. Nasser Chadli. Now Fletcher. But you see in there, with the ball went to Morrison, his first thought was going to do a Cruyff turn-go backwards. It got nicked off him. When West Brom counter attack, they don't go with any real purpose. It's a foul by Milner on Robson Kanu, which is going to bring West Brom a set-piece in an area where they can put the ball into the Liverpool box. Robson Kanu down the right-hand side, another little foul. Look at Olsen there on Matip. His arms are all round him. At the start of the season we've seen penalties given for those kind of things, it seemed to have fizzled out now, I can't remember the last time we've seen one given for holding or stuff like that. It was brought in and now it seems to have fizzled out. Chris Brunt's left foot with the free kick, Karius didn't get there, Gareth McAuley did, and that's going to be a call, and he almost managed to squeeze that in there. It was a decent ball in, wasn't it? It was floated, it was coming in, and the keeper really gets himself all over the place there. Karius comes for it, look, he's mistimed it completely, and they get a little bit good fortune there. Had a moment like that against Manchester United on Monday, where he mistimed his run towards the cross. Gives Brunt another option, this time from the other side, this will be an outswinger. It's dangerous, it's now clear and it's in, and West Bromwich helping against the run of play, have got themselves back in the match through Gareth McAuley. I think the whole stadium's stunned, I think even his. They've had a shot on target. You know, they're all marked up. They've got both these rounders coming off his shoulder, he just smashed it in. Past Karius, bit fortunate with the bounce off his shoulder, but never mind that, they're back in this game. Can they get an equaliser, Darren? For me, Rob, they shouldn't have had the chance at the second corner, I think if the keeper doesn't come, he clicks that header on the back post quite easily, and they're giving them another chance to put a set play in, and how many times has West Bromwich done that? Scored from set plays. Gareth McAuley's third goal of the season, it's the second time he's scored here, he got one in February 20th, and he's scored in 2013, the last time West Brom won here. They've paid the penalty at the moment for not killing off West Brom, they've had a lot of chances second half to get a third goal in real daylight, but we did say, didn't we, the next goal in the match would be a key one, and now West Brom will feel they've got the chance to maybe take something from this one. In the meantime, though, here's Mane, in towards Firmino, and that's straight at Foster. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Once again from Mane, Firmino just made little darts at the post, he had to generate all the power himself to try and get that ball past Foster. And hopefully, Darren, we're gonna be in for a cracking last eight or nine minutes. Away by Matip. APPLAUSE Morrison battling for it, Fletcher's in there. West Brom just starting to win one or two second balls. Morrison. Alan Neom. Now Olsen, looking to launch one forward towards Rondon, away by Lovren for Liverpool. And now... ...Mane. And given away by Morrison for the dangerous Coutinho. Now Savio Mane. APPLAUSE Macaulay tracking it. Here's Wijnaldum, and now Firmino! And saved by Foster. It's a save that keeps West Brom in the game. You had the awareness from Wijnaldum there, just to see Firmino. He let the ball run across him, little side pass, but Firmino tried to go across Foster, but... Keeper stood up, good save. APPLAUSE James Morrison. APPLAUSE Neom. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Neom's ball in towards Rondon, away by Matip, here's Robson-Karno, and now Chadley. Chadley's gonna try off. APPLAUSE And it's another half chance for West Bromwich Albion. It's an interesting period of the game here, and this is what Liverpool, for me, have... You see Chadley here just getting a touch right for the second one, not so good, couldn't get over it. But this is a moment in a game, and against better teams, they're gonna be tested even more. This is the chance. He tries to go back across Foster, great save again from Foster. Just a little bit wide, he has to adjust. But for me, overall in this game, this is a key moment for Liverpool. Does Klopp allow them to keep playing this open football? Because West Bromwich just feeling they've got a little scent of a chance here. Here's Mahler, scent of a chance for him, Firmino couldn't gather it, and for once there was nobody behind him, supposing in red. I think they realise, you know, with five or six minutes left, two centre-backers will sit there, no need to go forward. Here's Coutinho. And still Coutinho, and straight to Ben Foster. APPLAUSE WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Now we've got some Champions League matches coming up to tell you about. Manchester City vs Barcelona, what about that one? Can City do better this time? Tuesday 1st November at 7pm on BT Sport 2HD. And the following night from Wembley, Spurs against Bayer Leverkusen, Wednesday 2nd November, both of those games, BT Sport 2HD and 4K UHD. Every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport. And a set-piece here for West Brom. The foul by Matip on Rondon. FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT Free kick delivered by Brunt. We've got a man over here, West Brom, and another one here, Robson Kanu. Vital blocking there by Dejan Lovren for Liverpool. Neon sprinting across. And he's got just enough speed to get there at the same time as Clyde, although they've kept it alive. Wijnaldum. It's awards for Mino. El Coutinho. Emre Can. It's end-to-end stuff here at Anfield. Henderson. Nathaniel Clyde. FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT Morrison rises. A bit of a nudge in there too. And Mino's battling hard for it. Flips it on towards Marne. I think Gareth McCawley did just about enough back there for West Brom, didn't he, Robbie? Yeah, great defending, McCawley. You know, his intelligent flick from Firmino. Some great desire to win the ball there. You know, then... McCawley got his arm across. Marne, great defending. Morgan Klopp's gonna make another change. He's gonna take off Philippe Coutinho and send on Lucas Leiva, attacking midfielder to one who's gonna sit at the middle of the bar, Robbie, and try and help them see the game out. Yeah, I think that's what Morrison got booked for, Darren, earlier on. Little shirt pull on Coutinho. I think Coutinho's been outstanding today. That little dummy for the first goal scored the second. So influential for this Liverpool side. Great afternoon so far. Well, great afternoon for Coutinho. Sure it's not a change that Klopp invented. It's a change that he's having to make, Glenn. When it was 2-0 and Liverpool were flying forward, but he's got the extra man in midfield now just to try and stabilise things in there. Darren, it's the right thing at the right time. He can just smell that West Brom are looking to throw bodies forward and get set plays, and there's a chance of them conceding. There's a yellow card in there for descent as well for Jordan Henderson. So like Claudio Jakub, he's gonna serve a suspension as well, his fifth booking of the season. Into the last 90 seconds of normal time at Anfield. 2-1 to Liverpool. West Brom pushing for an equaliser. Matip there at the back. For Liverpool. Fletcher steps in. You see there, Darren, they've just defended that free kick and he's run it out the centre half. Just send it in the corner. I'm trying to play football and there's another break-on for West Brom. That's what they've got to learn from me. It's game management, right time, right place. Just send that in the corner. Turn West Brom and get out. I don't think it's gonna be dull hitting the townfield this season, that's for sure, and there's a bit of belief still for those supporters from West Brom. The Kop trying to roar Liverpool home. Here's Chris Brompt, who's got runners ahead of him. Rondon challenged by Matip. Brompt was there for West Brom, so was Clyne for Liverpool. It's been an excellent game to watch. It's all about the fourth official now and how long Lee Mason is gonna signal to be added on. Come on! Come on! Come on! It was in the face of Lavi to report a sentiently reception on the way into the game, as Mr Lavi came in on the field. FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD Everybody waiting with bated breath. Three minutes. Here's Chris Brompt, and now Hal Robson-Carnan. Launched in by Dawson, on by Rondon. Kept alive by Neal. And the flag went up against Alan Neal. It's amazing, isn't it? The space that Neal, the left back, first time he's been up as high. Look, no-one's aware, no Liverpool fans, no Liverpool players are aware. And he's just drifted offside there. If he stays onside, they're in a wonderful position. Robbie, your man of the match. Yeah, I'm gonna give it up, man. Coutinho. You know, so impressive in that first half. The dummy for the goal, and then, you know, sent two West Brom players, as Michael said, for the pine. With that goal, great performance from Coutinho. Savio Mane's day is done. Fantastically taken goal in the first half. He's gonna be replaced by Origi, but... Left his mark on the game today, didn't he? Yeah, it's a fantastic finish, as Glenn alluded to, you know, to keep his eye on the ball. Side foot, you know, past Foster. Great finish from Mane. It's been a significantly better half, hasn't it, for West Brom? Certainly the last 25 minutes or so of it. Still alive in a match that might well have gone away from them in it. And in emphatic fashion. Also means as well that Liverpool's chance to go top of the league tonight with a win by two clear goals, has gone. And they will be up there, though, level on points, of course, which at this stage of the season, they'll take. On a run of games they'd expect to take plenty of points from coming up. points from coming up Crystal Palace and Watford the next two sides they face after the League Cup tie against Spurs struggling Sunderland are also imminent as well still some defending to do here