link up with Darren Fletcher but good luck to him. Liverpool attacking the Kop in the second half leading by two goals to nil and as it stands heading to the top of the table. There's Nathaniel Clyne and now Firmino. Brunt's first touches to get there in front of Philippe Coutinho which is something that West Brom players found difficult to do in the first half. Offside flag up against Firmino. Can they do anything tactically here in the second half, Glenn West Brom, to make it more competitive or is it down to eradicating the sort of mistakes that the boys were talking about at half-time? Well they haven't, they haven't come out and changed things, they've kept the same shape they've just put Brunt in there as the holding player actually and Fletcher and Chadley but for me Chadley's the one that's got to get closer to your centre forward and almost at times take a bit of a risk and and then you've got to get the ball out of the way. You can put two up there and come you know surprise surprise Liverpool. Savio Mane's out for the second half he was limping at the end of the first. Here he is on the ball, Coutinho. Still Coutinho, this time they get a body in the way West Brom. Now Fletcher. Matt Phillips is through the forward for Albion, here he is. He's got a good shot, he's got a good shot. Milner was there to dispossess him relatively straightforwardly. Done so well out in the left back position, James Mane of this season, he's got four goals obviously all from the penalty spot but in his general play I think he's been so good for this Liverpool side. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Fletcher, Fletcher, Fletcher. Here's Clyne. Lallana. There's Matip. Clyne was in there for West Brom. And then Neom. Being closed down quickly by Firmino. Emery Chan wins the header. Now Mane. Just look at that, they're 2-0 up, they're closing down Firmino and then Chan wins the second ball. Then, you know, the regained possession. West Brom haven't got an out ball whatsoever. You know, Rondon against Matip and Lovren is getting no service whatsoever. And as Glenn said, there's nobody needed. If he even does win the ball. They're going to make another change as well. It looks as though James Morrison is going to be coming on. The slip has just been handed to the fourth official, Lee Mason. So it's going to be another change for West Brom at the start of the second half. Here's Coutinho for Liverpool and now Firmino. Olsen had to get across and just lean on him a little bit to allow Foster to get there. Yeah, very good defending from Olsen on that occasion. He went with the run, he's seen it. He's got it. You know, just put his left arm across him. Very good defending. Foster was alert to get out. Firmino. And now Henderson, Liverpool winning most of those second balls. Now Milder. His first excursion down the left in the second half. He made quite a few of those in the first. Now Coutinho. Lots of space here for Clyde. Slides one in. Really important defending by Brunt. So much time and space there for Nathaniel Clyde for Liverpool. Now Emre Can. Coutinho. Lallana, who is coming back from an offside position. They're getting so many sort of aggressive positions. That's come from Milner. That pass was back from Milner into Chan and they changed the play. And Clyne's as high up as Milner on the opposite side of the pitch. It's so difficult to defend there. If you've got somebody who can change the play, you get in all day long. Matt Phillips is coming off for James Morrison. It's only start this season. Morrison was in the League Cup tie against Northampton. Coming off the bench in the Premier League for the fifth time. Rondon challenged by Lallana. Just like Morrison's gone into a midfield area. And Chris Brunn has just slightly moved over to that right-hand side, which... ..is quite a surprise. Tony Pulis has turned to two of the longest-serving players at West Brom. It'll be interesting to see what really is in Tony's mind. Has he put Brunt over there to stop Milner getting forward? Because he's been so dangerous getting down that left-hand side for Liverpool. Or is it, have a go at him? Get the ball down and run at him. Clyne to Henderson. And Brunt. Clyne to Henderson. And Rallana was the player he was trying to pick out. There's Daniel Sturridge. He's on the bench again today. He's only started 32 of Liverpool's last 128 games in all competitions, despite that he was the top scorer last season. But looks like a shape and a system at the moment, doesn't it, with Firmino as the false nine that suits Liverpool, extremely well, Glenn? Well, it does today. And I think, you know, if Sturridge comes on or he plays starts in the future and one of those guys come out, I don't think there's that much difference. I think they've got so much rotation there. Even if Sturridge is starting at the top, he moves around just like Firmino. And that's what is the major asset for me in Liverpool, watching them play, the freedom that Klopp has given them. And the midfield just have sorted it out a little bit more. The question now for Liverpool is can they do it against a better team? Can they play with this freedom against the very top teams? We'll find out in the coming weeks where they've got the rematch against Chelsea and they've got Manchester City here as well on New Year's Eve. We'll bring you that game on BT Sport. There are big tests on the horizon for Liverpool. They've got Jorginho Wijnaldum back on the bench as well today after picking up that hip injury. There are all the scores from the earlier fixtures. You can see that Tottenham and Arsenal were held scoreless in draws today. That means that if the result stays as it is here at Anfield, Liverpool will be top of the table. The champions Leicester back on track with a win in the Premier League against Crystal Palace. And a late winner for West Ham against Sunderland gives them back-to-back victories. We'll discuss all of those matches on Premier League tonight with Jake and the team. We'll be joined by Steve McManaman, Michael Owen and Glenn Hoddle from 8 o'clock on BT Sport. Here's Emre Can for Liverpool. He was waiting for Milda. Changed his mind and went to Coutinho. Clyne. Firmino. Lallana, Firmino. Now Coutinho. Plenty of taste on the cross which was defended by Gareth McCauley and then hooked on its way by Neon. So comfortable for Liverpool. I love him. Just going in a tackle as well. Must have some great eight-a-sides, Sav. You see Coutinho, Firmino, Lallana, all their quick feet and training must be sensational to watch them. There's Lovren. They still talk about the goal he scored here very late on against Borussia Dortmund. Now Firmino. Lovely turn again. Every trick in the book from Liverpool so far, and West Brom finding it so hard to cope with. Yes, brilliant from Firmino, the drag back on one foot, then the other. Dawson committed to the challenge. So McCauley come here to the challenge, coming out of his centre-half position. And that's the right play, Sav, isn't it? To do skills like that. Any kids watching, he's going down an alleyway where he's got nowhere to go and that's where you... If you've got a weapon up your sleeve, produce it then. There's Lovren and Matip who have gone up for the free kick. Which is far too deep. It's about the first thing that's gone wrong for Liverpool today. Milner hitting the free kick too far. We must for City to win another away game. Vinic thought... Liverpool completely dominating the possession even more so in the second half there's Brunt Lovren's gone across there they've got three in the box as well here Chadley and Rondon McLean's in there as well, it was Milder who got his foot to it and then Coutinho quickly onto the loose ball and now here's the pacey Mane Milano and Firmino have made their inroads into the penalty area as has Coutinho and then Firmino and Foster did well incisive passing and the speed of attack again from Liverpool brilliant, just thought that could he have just lifted over Foster there Firmino you know, he was out quipped Foster Henderson's been caught there the yellow card shown to James McLean Liverpool have got a free kick in a dangerous position they're so incisive like you said Fletch he knows red burst of pace from Mane down this right hand side but just look at Coutinho unmarked and then Firmino just wanders into an area just think here, could he have lifted it with Foster rushing that was a great block from McAuley actually it shows you also Liverpool have got that counter up their sleeve there they've got quick men in their team not only with the build up and the short passes but that counter attack was sensational wasn't it Philip Coutinho over the free kick and it goes towards Matic brilliant save by Foster and then the acrobatic effort by Firmino Lundgren I think it was who got his head to it Matic was in there too, they were queuing up for Liverpool that's a great ball in, please go on to the next one that's a great ball in, please go on to the next one Coutinho to a great area what a save from Foster, seen it all the way great header and then Firmino with acrobatics but just see there, trying to glance into that far corner Foster who was great against Spurs last weekend produces a wonderful save continues the run under Yusuke and Jurgen Klopp that is only Manchester United have stopped Liverpool scoring in the Premier League since he's been the manager it's the 19th game today only a couple of matches against Manchester United have they failed to find the net it's a different problem for West Brom in their last 18 league matches they've only scored more than one goal in a game once that was the 4-2 win against West Ham last month they've tended to rely on Rondon and Chadley for the goals and neither of them have really had any kind of opportunities today Chadley was there defensively on the halfway line but Liverpool still getting out here to Firmino now Lallana Firmino's on the run again and he's just trying to shove Ney on the side and Foster slid across Liverpool, they're going to get the corner just don't give you a minute at the back though, do they Liverpool? that time was very good defending from Ney when the ball was slipped through just in quite the pace there and Ney got his right foot to the ball and Foster couldn't keep it in Henderson the captain out here to take the corner Lovren and Matip are going to start their runs from the edge of the box this time it's in towards Joel Matip and away by McLean on by Lallana there's Rondon and he's got a runner to his left here in Chadley still Nasser Chadley but Milder was there though for Liverpool he just took him from the left back position now the counter-attack Firmino to Chan now Milder just wanted a better ball from Rondon there Fletch you know he wants it in front of him Chadley was just a bit too slow the pass he had to check Chadley you know then six players for Liverpool got back that was Clyde good challenge by McLean we always associated the speed of attack at Borussia Dortmund with the Jurgen Klopp side didn't we but they had that ability that Robbie's just talked about to get bodies around the ball and work so hard as well and cover so much ground which we're seeing from Liverpool in abundance this season it's the speed they do it in when they played that 1-2 to get in behind West Brom there it was the speed there that it was done at sometimes it's impossible it was good defending from Lyon in the end but it's the pace it's slow slow and it goes bang really quick difficult to defend there's Clyde squeezes one into the line another step over Firmino will try to tee up Coutinho it's gonna fall in straight for Emre Can who can't keep it down I think Coutinho might have liked to have walked onto that without the Lallana touch yeah I think he was just trying to set it for Mignolet there's the first set from Chan which is perfect actually out of his feet but he just couldn't get quite round it come on Klopp there kicking every ball this is the pass from Rondon just look he wants it in front of him there you know it's it's a lazy pass that's finding my man hit it in front so he can get onto it and drive at this Liverpool defence and then Chadli gets snuffed out by six Liverpool players it was Chadli Firmino was there for Liverpool and Mane starts to make a run Coutinho's already on the move on the other side Savio Mane Lallana Mion was there Firmino Clyne now Henderson Lallana Nathaniel Clyne fouled by Neal on Clyne free kick to Liverpool they were quite happy just to pop the ball around and wait for the opening to arrive silly tackle from Neal he's never going to win the ball there good play from Clyne fix it around the corner and the goalie gets it in a very good way and the goalie goes for the free kick and it's a good one and it's a good one and it's a good one Henderson with the latest Liverpool free kick and it's a good one and it's a good one Coutinho there's Lovren and now Lallana and in towards Matip and away by Neon for West Brom and away by Neon for West Brom and it's a good one Matip towards Firmino Matip towards Firmino Neon there again Olsen away Olsen away West Brom are going to make another change West Brom are going to make another change Hal Robson-Karnu is stripped and ready for them Jurgen Klopp has sent Moreno, Wijnaldum and Origi Jurgen Klopp has sent Moreno, Wijnaldum and Origi to warm up as well to warm up as well Hal Robson-Karnu who was such a hero for Wales in the summer of the European Championships hasn't had many opportunities though Robbie so far at West Brom hasn't had many opportunities though Robbie so far at West Brom what a fantastic use he had especially that goal against Belgium when he sent world class players the wrong way when he sent world class players the wrong way I wonder why he hasn't had a lot of games to West Brom it took him a long time to sign for a football club it took him a long time to sign for a football club in the events he chose West Brom but his opportunities have been very limited saying that his record in the Championship in Redmondham wasn't very good at all in terms of goals per game it was the Euros which obviously tempted West Brom to go for him McLean didn't seem happy to come off but Robson-Karnu is on fourth appearance off the bench for West Brom this season still only 2-0 down despite Liverpool's dominance if they could score the next goal in the game it might make for an interesting finish but they've been hanging on in the main haven't they for large parts of this second half there's the left back Alan Neom and Sadio Mane's challenge and Liverpool get the throw against the work there from Mane down this Liverpool's right inside gets back makes the tackle wins the throw in for his side there's Fletcher behind Robson-Karnu Milner can sweep it away what a ball that is into Philippe Coutinho who's in here Coutinho waits Emre Can arrives what a block by Olsen brilliant defending by Jonas Olsen he's out to be 3-0 Liverpool brilliant brilliant play from Olsen there what a block but it was Coutinho who just perfect pass to Chan tees up Milner this time Milner again Foster down sharply Milner's ball though to Coutinho what a fantastic 70 yard ball and a bit of defending look at this he's had a little look at glass it's a wonderful, wonderful ball weighted to perfection Coutinho you think he's gonna he comes back inside again like he did first half with the goal sets up Chan but fabulous, fabulous defending here Olsen comes from nowhere look he's covered the area got the blocking but a great break from Liverpool again just scores to show though Glen the fluidity in the side you know Chan sits there with Henderson but as you say if Henderson says Chan can get forward in support I think this freedom that they've got if they can produce this against the City's and the Chelsea's and the Arsenal's that's their next challenge I think I've seen them play this season in spells and against lesser teams if you like down the bottom half of the league they can do this Firmino and then Coutinho another chance to shoot here Chan you talk about Manchester City again I mean they did it twice to them last season didn't they in the league first time early in Klopp's reign at the Etihad and then here towards the end of the season after the League Cup final I think he's expecting more than the two goals that they've got at the moment although the glasses remain intact which is always a blessing with Jurgen Klopp isn't it I think he's frustrated because Chan just had a chance before and the one before he's hit one over the bar and then the third time now it's shown a bit of frustration but to be fair Chan has been out quite a long time he's got to get his shooting boots on Morrison out for Dawson now Robson Kanu trying to feed it through there towards Morrison Dawson gets another chance Matip away now Fletcher Olsen to Brunt Chadley wanted it instead it's away by Matip for Liverpool Craig Dawson Fletcher lifts one up towards Salomon Rondon and Dejan Lovren got the last touch it's going to be a corner to West Grom and a cheer from the corner from their supporters who have celebrated that Robbie like a goal certainly I was Lovren with a flick you know it was a run from Rondon the West Grom fans are singing now they've got a corner some big targets to find here for West Grom and they've all gone to crowd around Loris Karius Chadley Olsen McAuley Dawson they were all in there weren't they wasn't comfortable at all Liverpool's goalkeeper Chadley and McAuley they can stand on reason why they can't see whether Brunt can find the quality from that side with his left foot once you whip on the corner it's away by Firmino here's Chadley and it's the best chance West Brom have got to win the game it was interesting because when they were jostling Chadley was the one right on the keeper and he just pulled off into that space and very unfortunate he couldn't get a clear kick you just watch him back away from all the all the players all the West Brom players and everyone in that six yard box and create his own space just couldn't quite keep it down could he that's the man in form isn't he for West Brom four goals in his last four matches the first attempt on goal in the match for West Brom compared to 16.2% from Liverpool I think what this says is it's just I think that Liverpool are a better team without Sturridge I think when Sturridge plays you know the two he plays up against the centre-halves and they stay deep I think when you play with a force number like Firmino drops in to you know the number 10 position one of the centre-halves goes with him that allows a space for Mane or to for Coutinho to run into so you know Sturridge has endowed qualities as you said Darren earlier you know top scorer last season but I just think the way Liverpool play when Sturridge plays is a different dynamic for this team it's an example of the options though that's available this season to you know Jürgen Klopp when you think of Divock Origi as well as a different type of forward player Wijnaldum who's been starting for Liverpool is on the bench today there's Lallana and now Mane Lovren Milner's way ahead of him up the touchline there's Clyde and now Henderson space for Mane Henderson wants it back and gets it back and the cross was blocked by Chadley there's a great example of the movement again Henderson plays the ball wide gets little blind run in behind the full back searching and there's Chan in the centre of the pitch just playing in the holding role so the balance is always good with Liverpool and they're attacking in by Henderson floated ball in this time Firmino couldn't get it under control Robson Kanu all of his support players are behind him at the moment although Rondon has got forward to join in Robson Kanu did well to keep it now Olsen Morrison to Fletcher and out towards Brunt Morrison gives chase and Matip gets across Brunt gets his head to that one and it's going to be a West Brom throw it just took a nick off Nathaniel Klein according to Neil Swarbrick and it's going to be a West Brom throw it just took a clock out it's an awkward ball from the centre back it was running towards Neal when it bounced up to him Fletch what a throw in that is it's the most awkward throwing you could it's the most neglected thing in football throw in's i feel throw it to him again but it's not easy football throw-ins I feel. Throw it to him on the volley so it's easy for him just to pop it back or play wherever he wants to play. Interested to see it full-time when Tony Pulis speaks to Descalier what his assessment of his own side is but also what he thinks of this Liverpool team because he's usually pretty frank and honest isn't he when he gets asked questions post-match, the West Brom manager. It's been a bit of a chastening experience. Despite the fact it's only 2-0 for his side today they found it hard to cope with Liverpool. On by Mane to Firmino, McCauley was there, Fletcher beat Chan to it. Here's Morrison. Let's get the sense there might be a bit of confidence growing in West Brom. It's going to fall here for Rondon, Matip was there, now Robson, Kanu. Eventually Liverpool get bodies around the ball but Morrison can hit one and guided it off target. A couple of chances though. For Tony Pulis' side, Glenn, in the last couple of minutes. Yeah well the substitutes have come on and done well. They're the two subs they're working well. Robson, Kanu there just pokes the ball off. Just getting bodies forward. They haven't had enough composed possession to get enough people to take the risk to get forward. It's been the ball up there to one person isolated and it's nine times out of ten it's come straight back at them. And there they got people forward. Free kick given to Liverpool. I don't think we've got some big Premier League matches on the way. You'll see Liverpool again next Saturday. They're at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace from five o'clock on BT Sport 1HD, 4K UHD. And a doubleheader Chelsea Everton on the 5th of November. That's a five o'clock start. And an early start on the Sunday for the North London derby. Arsenal versus Tottenham on Sunday the 6th of November. 11.15 BT Sport 1HD, 4K UHD as always. 3.30pm on the clock. 3.30pm on the clock. Liverpool 2 West Bromwich Albion 0 with 15 minutes of this match to go. There's Dawson. Then forward by Robson Kanu towards Rondon. Chan wasn't aware that he was behind him. Al Brunt. Oh! Look at that, though, without the ball Liverpool. You know, Rondon was sprinting across the field, but Liverpool got men back. They desired to win the ball back very quickly. Therefore, for some, Morrison won it back. Rondon's shot charged down by Chan. Meehan was determined with Firmino. And that determination went his side. The throw-in. And the Liverpool fans in the front of that stand didn't agree with it. Here's Chadler. Fletcher. In towards Robson Kanu. That'll be a Liverpool ball. Seen a response, hasn't he, Glenn, in the last ten minutes or so? Tony Pulis. Yeah, when you send your substitutes on, you ask them to make a little bit of a change, make a difference. You know, the team haven't been playing well, so they've got a bit of a freeway. They go on and they think, oh, I can only improve this performance. And that's what's happened. But it's Morsels, isn't it? They're not in a real sort of composed way of playing. It's all a bit huff and a puff at the moment. Yes. Dawson just catches. Coutinho in the side of the head. Ref gives a free kick. There's John W Henry, who can look on at the moment with his side provisionally top of the Premier League table, if they can hang on to this win today. And the Boston Red Sox, his baseball team, not involved in the playoffs in the States, so he can come to Merseyside and watch the game. Jurgen Klopp's going to make his first change as well. Jorginho Wijnaldum is ready to come on. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. He's got a great shot. We think he'd be looking to protect Lallana. He's been out. Been very impressive today, Lallana again, but obviously coming back, though, he's been out injured. He would have thought it would be in his mind to just protect him a little bit. There's John Matick. And now Lallana. James. James. Push out. Push out. Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Sadio Mane. Jordan Henderson. Great player from Liverpool, you know. They involve a keeper. They pass it out. They build it. Do it at the right time, the right area. I think we've seen teams recently, Darren, just choose their option when they're under pressure. Instead of smashing it long, you know, they try and play it. That was the right time to play then. We've got the corner, which was wonderful by Roberto Firmino. James Milner's gone out there. Jurgen Klopp will make the change, and he was spot on, Glenn. It is Adam Lallana who's coming off. And the Liverpool supporters inside Anfield rise to applaud him off. You've been impressed by him again today. He's been very impressive, hasn't he? And he's just feeling it a bit fatigued now, that the next few games coming up for Liverpool, he's right that he's in there. He creates so much for them, and as I've said before, he's trying to score some goals now and looking dangerous, but a terrific young player. So Jorginho Wijnaldum comes on, who injured his hip during the internationals. Adam Lallana not able to mark his 100th appearance for Liverpool with a goal. Milner's corner away by McAuley. Henderson misjudges it, and the break's on again here for West Brom, led by Rondon, now Brunt. Morrison just had it nicked away from him by Chan. Nasser Chadli. Now Fletcher. But you see in there, with the ball went to Morrison, his first thought was going to do a Cruyff turn-go backwards. It got nicked off him. When West Brom counter attack, they don't go with any real purpose. It's a foul by Milner on Robson Kanu, which is going to bring West Brom a set-piece in an area where they can put the ball into the Liverpool box. Robson Kanu down the right-hand side, another little foul. Look at Olsen there on Matip. His arms are all round him. At the start of the season we've seen penalties given for those kind of things, it seemed to have fizzled out now, I can't remember the last time we've seen one given for holding or stuff like that. It was brought in and now it seems to have fizzled out. Chris Brunt's left foot with the free kick, Karius didn't get there, Gareth McAuley did, and that's going to be a call, and he almost managed to squeeze that in there. It was a decent ball in, wasn't it? It was floated, it was coming in, and the keeper really gets himself all over the place there. Karius comes for it, look, he's mistimed it completely, and they get a little bit good fortune there. Had a moment like that against Manchester United on Monday, where he mistimed his run towards the cross. Gives Brunt another option, this time from the other side, this will be an outswinger. It's dangerous, it's now clear and it's in, and West Bromwich helping against the run of play, have got themselves back in the match through Gareth McAuley. I think the whole stadium's stunned, I think even his. They've had a shot on target. You know, they're all marked up. They've got both these rounders coming off his shoulder, he just smashed it in. Past Karius, bit fortunate with the bounce off his shoulder, but never mind that, they're back in this game. Can they get an equaliser, Darren? For me, Rob, they shouldn't have had the chance at the second corner, I think if the keeper doesn't come, he clicks that header on the back post quite easily, and they're giving them another chance to put a set play in, and how many times has West Bromwich done that? Scored from set plays. Gareth McAuley's third goal of the season, it's the second time he's scored here, he got one in February 20th, and he's scored in 2013, the last time West Brom won here. They've paid the penalty at the moment for not killing off West Brom, they've had a lot of chances second half to get a third goal in real daylight, but we did say, didn't we, the next goal in the match would be a key one, and now West Brom will feel they've got the chance to maybe take something from this one. In the meantime, though, here's Mane, in towards Firmino, and that's straight at Foster. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Once again from Mane, Firmino just made little darts at the post, he had to generate all the power himself to try and get that ball past Foster. And hopefully, Darren, we're gonna be in for a cracking last eight or nine minutes. Away by Matip. APPLAUSE Morrison battling for it, Fletcher's in there. West Brom just starting to win one or two second balls. Morrison. Alan Neom. Now Olsen, looking to launch one forward towards Rondon, away by Lovren for Liverpool. And now... ...Mane. And given away by Morrison for the dangerous Coutinho. Now Savio Mane. APPLAUSE Macaulay tracking it. Here's Wijnaldum, and now Firmino! And saved by Foster. It's a save that keeps West Brom in the game. You had the awareness from Wijnaldum there, just to see Firmino. He let the ball run across him, little side pass, but Firmino tried to go across Foster, but... Keeper stood up, good save. APPLAUSE James Morrison. APPLAUSE Neom. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Neom's ball in towards Rondon, away by Matip, here's Robson-Karno, and now Chadley. Chadley's gonna try off. APPLAUSE And it's another half chance for West Bromwich Albion. It's an interesting period of the game here, and this is what Liverpool, for me, have... You see Chadley here just getting a touch right for the second one, not so good, couldn't get over it. But this is a moment in a game, and against better teams, they're gonna be tested even more. This is the chance. He tries to go back across Foster, great save again from Foster. Just a little bit wide, he has to adjust. But for me, overall in this game, this is a key moment for Liverpool. Does Klopp allow them to keep playing this open football? Because West Bromwich just feeling they've got a little scent of a chance here. Here's Mahler, scent of a chance for him, Firmino couldn't gather it, and for once there was nobody behind him, supposing in red. I think they realise, you know, with five or six minutes left, two centre-backers will sit there, no need to go forward. Here's Coutinho. And still Coutinho, and straight to Ben Foster. APPLAUSE WHISTLE BLOWS WHISTLE BLOWS Now we've got some Champions League matches coming up to tell you about. Manchester City vs Barcelona, what about that one? Can City do better this time? Tuesday 1st November at 7pm on BT Sport 2HD. And the following night from Wembley, Spurs against Bayer Leverkusen, Wednesday 2nd November, both of those games, BT Sport 2HD and 4K UHD. Every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport. And a set-piece here for West Brom. The foul by Matip on Rondon. FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT Free kick delivered by Brunt. We've got a man over here, West Brom, and another one here, Robson Kanu. Vital blocking there by Dejan Lovren for Liverpool. Neon sprinting across. And he's got just enough speed to get there at the same time as Clyde, although they've kept it alive. Wijnaldum. It's awards for Mino. El Coutinho. Emre Can. It's end-to-end stuff here at Anfield. Henderson. Nathaniel Clyde. FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT FANS SHOUT Morrison rises. A bit of a nudge in there too. And Mino's battling hard for it. Flips it on towards Marne. I think Gareth McCawley did just about enough back there for West Brom, didn't he, Robbie? Yeah, great defending, McCawley. You know, his intelligent flick from Firmino. Some great desire to win the ball there. You know, then... McCawley got his arm across. Marne, great defending. Morgan Klopp's gonna make another change. He's gonna take off Philippe Coutinho and send on Lucas Leiva, attacking midfielder to one who's gonna sit at the middle of the bar, Robbie, and try and help them see the game out. Yeah, I think that's what Morrison got booked for, Darren, earlier on. Little shirt pull on Coutinho. I think Coutinho's been outstanding today. That little dummy for the first goal scored the second. So influential for this Liverpool side. Great afternoon so far. Well, great afternoon for Coutinho. Sure it's not a change that Klopp invented. It's a change that he's having to make, Glenn. When it was 2-0 and Liverpool were flying forward, but he's got the extra man in midfield now just to try and stabilise things in there. Darren, it's the right thing at the right time. He can just smell that West Brom are looking to throw bodies forward and get set plays, and there's a chance of them conceding. There's a yellow card in there for descent as well for Jordan Henderson. So like Claudio Jakub, he's gonna serve a suspension as well, his fifth booking of the season. Into the last 90 seconds of normal time at Anfield. 2-1 to Liverpool. West Brom pushing for an equaliser. Matip there at the back. For Liverpool. Fletcher steps in. You see there, Darren, they've just defended that free kick and he's run it out the centre half. Just send it in the corner. I'm trying to play football and there's another break-on for West Brom. That's what they've got to learn from me. It's game management, right time, right place. Just send that in the corner. Turn West Brom and get out. I don't think it's gonna be dull hitting the townfield this season, that's for sure, and there's a bit of belief still for those supporters from West Brom. The Kop trying to roar Liverpool home. Here's Chris Brompt, who's got runners ahead of him. Rondon challenged by Matip. Brompt was there for West Brom, so was Clyne for Liverpool. It's been an excellent game to watch. It's all about the fourth official now and how long Lee Mason is gonna signal to be added on. Come on! Come on! Come on! It was in the face of Lavi to report a sentiently reception on the way into the game, as Mr Lavi came in on the field. FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD FIERST-COME-ON-THE-FIELD Everybody waiting with bated breath. Three minutes. Here's Chris Brompt, and now Hal Robson-Carnan. Launched in by Dawson, on by Rondon. Kept alive by Neal. And the flag went up against Alan Neal. It's amazing, isn't it? The space that Neal, the left back, first time he's been up as high. Look, no-one's aware, no Liverpool fans, no Liverpool players are aware. And he's just drifted offside there. If he stays onside, they're in a wonderful position. Robbie, your man of the match. Yeah, I'm gonna give it up, man. Coutinho. You know, so impressive in that first half. The dummy for the goal, and then, you know, sent two West Brom players, as Michael said, for the pine. With that goal, great performance from Coutinho. Savio Mane's day is done. Fantastically taken goal in the first half. He's gonna be replaced by Origi, but... Left his mark on the game today, didn't he? Yeah, it's a fantastic finish, as Glenn alluded to, you know, to keep his eye on the ball. Side foot, you know, past Foster. Great finish from Mane. It's been a significantly better half, hasn't it, for West Brom? Certainly the last 25 minutes or so of it. Still alive in a match that might well have gone away from them in it. And in emphatic fashion. Also means as well that Liverpool's chance to go top of the league tonight with a win by two clear goals, has gone. And they will be up there, though, level on points, of course, which at this stage of the season, they'll take. On a run of games they'd expect to take plenty of points from coming up. points from coming up Crystal Palace and Watford the next two sides they face after the League Cup tie against Spurs struggling Sunderland are also imminent as well still some defending to do here Liverpool will look to capitalize on draws today for Spurs and Arsenal with Manchester City playing tomorrow, they know that a win by two goals today and they will be top of the table, Liverpool are unbeaten in eight games since they lost against Burnley, they haven't lost here at Anfield since January and Monday's 0-0 draw against Manchester United was their first clean shoot of the season West Brom have been the draw specialists recently, three successive 1-0 draws and the last three meetings between these two sides have ended all square as well given away by Matip given away by Matip Romdon can have his first run although Matip has become a fixture at centre-back in the last few weeks the summer signing for Liverpool was there to tidy things up here's Milner who's been operating as a left-back very effectively since winning the shirt from Moreno Milana to Emre Can and then Milner on the move from left-back and Craig Dawson was there to head it away for West Bromwich Albion I think the system they play with Firmino in the side really suits Liverpool with a forced number nine that allows Coutinho or Mane to run into the space as he leaves Coutinho gives it back to the Larner and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane to make it to the end of the game and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane to make it to the end of the game Mane and it was an interesting ball in towards Firmino and Mane now Chan Philip Coutinho some space out wide here for Sadio Mane Neill McClough there to close him down and there was contact and Neil Swarbrick has a look and in fact the assistant over there who is Richard West indicated quite clearly that the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane were the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane yes Mane tries to take Neill on the outside that's a correct decision if you look at Mane's left hand side and he's not going to make it Hayes needs to be in a good position and also Mane he was out on the field so it's not an easy job that the contact was instigated by Sadio Mane. Yes, Mane tries to take Niamh on the outside. That's a correct decision. If you look at Mane's left leg, he put it in between Niamh's leg, so that's a correct decision for me from the linesman and the referee. There you see. Good decision, no penalty. That's really good rotation from Liverpool, though. You see this West Brom side coming in with a back four, five across to defend and defend, but the three up front and Lallana, their movement, there's no positions for them, really. They can go anywhere on the pitch. There is Lallana, and now Firmino. Liverpool have started with a nice tempo about them. It's something it took them a while to find against Manchester United on Monday night. And Ray Chan. Now Coutinho. Coutinho. Often sees the funny side, doesn't he, Jurgen Klopp? But what an impact he's had here, glad at Liverpool. It's a year to the day since the first match against Ruben Kazan, and there's been quite a transformation here. It certainly has, Darren, and I think Lovren was saying in that interview before the game how they're brave, they're attacking, and that's what he wants from his team. He wants them to enjoy their football. Smile. They're on their face. And he's certainly, he's got that from the Liverpool players. Away by Lovren. And then Dawson can send it back the other way. There's Coutinho. Fletcher working hard to get back for West Brom. Only Manchester City and Arsenal have scored more goals than Liverpool in the Premier League this season. They got four at Arsenal and here against Leicester, five against Hull four weeks ago. And when they do hit their stride and get the early goal in matches, they really can be an irresistible team to try and slow down. And that's the job that Tony Pulis and his players have here today. Chance here for Nasser Chadli to bring it forward. He's been in really good form. For West Brom in recent weeks, whether it be creating goals or scoring goals. And the flag up there against Salomon Rondon. You just saw that example there, Fletch, where West Brom have won the ball. Chadli's going, he's trying to get forward. Can't pass that first ball forward. There's not enough support going up there. And the first pass goes backwards. And you just fear that West Brom, if they can't get a ball to go forward or at least square first, they can't get out from this Liverpool side. They're pinning them in. That's it for Mané. And Firmino. And then Lallana can move in. And Liverpool are going through the gears. And it falls for Coutinho. That's for the position Coutinho loves. You know, he hit one against David De Gea on Monday night, a great save from De Gea. And he just finds himself 18, 19 yards out. Tries to bend it in with his right foot, but no good defending from West Brom. He's coming off his best season in goal-scoring terms for Liverpool. Coutinho got 12 last season. He's already got four this time around as well. And it's such an important aspect, isn't it, of a number 10's job, if they can weigh in with double figures in terms of goals as well. It's interesting. I mean, I think he's got a lot of potential in that flex. I know he's playing in a number 10 shirt, but they've got three number 10s at times, you know. That's the beauty of their rotation up front. And he's playing out on the left a little bit now. And then he goes in and he comes out again. And then somebody else goes in there. Lallana to Firmino. And then Phillips got there in front of Chan. He's scored about a fourth of the total. Yeah, there he moved out for the left hand tag. I can't imagine that, he moved his face sideways, I'm just trying to watch what he's going to do. Coutinho has moved out towards this side that Glenn was talking about. Can't keep it in play. It's so important for West Brom, you know, to support Rondon. You're right about Chadley Darroch, you know, in West Brom's last seven, he's got a big role for this side today when Rondon does get the ball he supports him himself back in the Belgium squad as well hasn't he after the early season performances Nasser Chadli here's Olsen the solitary change made by Tony Pulis today Johnny Evans suspended up it goes towards Rondon who's a big target to find now Fletcher Chambers there for Liverpool Dawson forward from right back who can tease one in towards McLean and Rondon this is West Brom they've four men in the box you know Fletcher tried to put the ball in you know coming in men forward eventually the ball from Dawson was over hit it's good to see one of the full-backs as well joining in going up that high to make the extra man I think they'll do it but they'll do it when they've got really composed possession that there's no threat that they can get hit on the break from Liverpool away by McAuley who's a key man for Northern Ireland at the European Championships in the summer you can see all of the scores going through the bottom of the screen from the early games in the Premier League today it's McLean challenge made on him by Clyne it's McLean challenge made on him by Clyne Neom's ball in which wasn't dealt with by Nati Milner was there though behind him for Liverpool Firmino can have a run against Olsen just a little push there by the Brazilian on the Swede and we'll be discussing all of those goals by the way on the Premier League tonight from 8 o'clock tonight with Jake, Maka, Michael and Glenn Hoddle here on BT Sport here on BT Sport stadium in Electronic Camping more than lots of requests from Bradley prep beni retail I love this moment ama is the other one Macaulay up towards Rondon and away by Nathaniel Clyde Raka bin there quickly on the line he'll have to do lots of that central midfield today Phillips is the target for this long ball away by Dejan Lovren pushed there by McLean on Nathaniel Clyde but you can see Robbie Carney already in the match how much confidence Liverpool are playing with yeah they're knocking about well Darren you know obviously they've not many opportunities yet you know Mane against Nighan when the referee got it right no penalty but just want to see him move the ball a little bit sharp a little bit quicker I'm surprised I'm surprised I'm surprised they're not pressing West Brom a bit higher you know United start really well here on Monday night against them put them under pressure and I think West Brom have been quite comfortable when they've had the ball in their own final third you know been allowed to play there's Fletcher it's a bit of a gamble that's the point I'm saying Dan the first look was backwards there they've got to get turned and play forward to get out and they've got a chance in this game but Fletcher again a third time he's gone backwards first Firmino dropping a bit deeper this time out to Clyde Mane who was the intended recipient but Liverpool get it back again through Henderson now Lallana Coutinho thought about hitting it now Chan Milder available out wide West Brom doing exactly what United have done on Monday Darren you know when Liverpool have the ball it's a back six and three in front just leaving Rondon up front Ibrahim it's done that on Monday for United so they've obviously watched that game and employed the same tactics Concentration of course so important for those players who are defensive players for West Brom today here's Mane looking to burst in Olsen was across there could have picked an easier game couldn't he Jonas Olsen to make his comeback in with Jonny Evans suspended today against this Liverpool team Glenn that's full of goals not very much so he knows he's going to be defending and it's panned out that way but he's a really good solid professional he'll do his job he'll head it and he'll get to play forward if he can but the main thing is to make sure he gives no space at all to Firmino and anyone else that's making runs in there just look here McLean on the left hand side players a fullback Phillips here on the right hand side when Liverpool have comfortable possession plenty of license therefore for the likes of Matip to bring it forward from the back here's Lallana now Clyde Emre Can Mane Patinho into Firmino Mane and then back to Coutinho but West Brom able to win it back and now they can counter play through here to Phillips who's in and Rondon was the man in the middle he was looking to find there's three players there Chadley, Rondon and Phillips all looking to counter-attack effectively for West Brom and it's almost worked for them I tell you what Firmino does so well there to track the run I think he was a bit fortunate because as Phillips played the ball inside I think they've just clipped Firmino on the heel of the ball which would have stopped a certain goal that was a great wonderful break from West Brom and the first ball as I say went forward from Chadley Phillips makes a great run inside he's tried to play it across to him he's got back there the centre field and done tremendously well but that's what West Brom are looking to do they're looking to break on them and they've got some legs to do it as well and Liverpool have got to defend right when they attack there's the warning sign for Liverpool here's Milda Phillips has dropped back into that defensive position now Coutinho Jordan Henderson Nathaniel Clyde claim was in there firmly for West Brom it's Albion and then Jakob gives it away and Milda it was good defending Darren Woodard from Matip you know he's been brilliant since he's come to this football club he started the last eight games and when he started those Liverpool have not lost chant Milda away by McCauley it's like it's going to be one of those matches where the two Liverpool footballers will play in very advanced positions there's not been much in the way of defending for either Clyde or Milda to do so far both of them very comfortable playing that way here's Adam Lallana and now Sadio Mane Firmino back to Mane that just opens up West Brom a little bit and there we'll see Claudio Jakob to make a vital interception inside his own box and that's what he's in the team for getting himself into those positions covering for centre-halves good midfield play Mane it's a good ball out to him by Coutinho over at Neon was there for West Brom and then Olsen now Henderson Chanta Firmino Chadley there for West Brom now Clyde it's a good ball in as well by Nathaniel Clyde only McCauley was there for West Brom tried to get the ball in a bit earlier this time Liverpool but Firmino playing as a false number nine you know and he doesn't stay up there all the time if he's in that position you know if he takes a gamble and gets in that six-yard box Coutinho is going to hit one this time Cooley was in the way now Clyde and Mane taking on Neon there's defensive work for McLean to do back to Henderson lifted in towards Milner got the tweet West Brom are champion defenders but couldn't keep the header down there's the example you were talking about Fletch about the full-backs for Liverpool not really having to defend too much look where he is he's like the wide left winger getting into the far post West Brom are dropping so far so deep so early that's allowing him to do that and that's on the opposite side of the pitch Jürgen Klopp and Tony Pulis it was a bit lively between those two last season here when Divock Origi scored six minutes into stoppage time to earn Liverpool a draw Jürgen Klopp said it wasn't a friendly game and Liverpool celebrated as a team didn't they in front of the Kop at full-time which didn't necessarily work out for Liverpool and it wasn't necessarily pleased Tony Pulis too much there's a little foul on Dawson there from Firmino Dawson is a threat from set-pieces I'm not sure how to go for this one joint top scorer last year for Fletch, Dawson before goals only Salomon and Rondon got more didn't they for West Brom so as Robbie says he is a threat from the set-piece although he's just hanging out to this right-hand side for this one we'll see how it goes crossed towards the WRV back inexplaining just a good opportunity to hand him out into the third left 1 minute only back in the game he doesn't throw off and he faces it in defence a few percent in internationals technically this is a more personal display the late fools make matters possible for Jamal Green Darren Fletcher playing his 62nd successive Premier League match for West Brom, he's never missed a league game since signing for them from Manchester United and when you think what he went through with the health issues, it's astonishing that he's been able to come back and play with such regularity and to such effect Yeah he's the heartbeat of this West Brom in the middle of the park, the captain, the leader drives people on by Coutinho, Olsen there and Milner excellent dummy by Coutinho and Emre Can can lead the Liverpool charge here's Firmino, Mane's on the other side Mane's there, that's a fantastic goal absolutely brilliant from Liverpool started by the dummy from Coutinho and finished off by Coutinho and it's Danny O'Barnley absolutely wonderful goal spaces everywhere, just look at that dummy from Coutinho and you're right, Fletcher, Chan takes a gamble lovely little pass and Firmino Leon comes under the ball but Mane watches it all the way, he's got his eyes focused on it, a little volley Sarracen a little bit of a side foot volley great technique to keep his eyes on the ball and a side footer pass, Foster fantastic goal for Liverpool that's absolutely fabulous isn't it everything good about attacking football the little glance over Coutinho's shoulder to let it go the beautiful little weighted pass from Chan so Firmino can cross it on the spot and what a finish as well, he kept his head fabulous, fabulous football Salihomane's fourth goal of the season fourth goal as a Liverpool player and the ball went to the other end and Lloris carries from a comfortable catch well that might just open up West Bromwich Alby in a little bit that first Liverpool goal, it's something they weren't able to do Robbie here on Monday against Manchester United to open them up but it took something special didn't it to get the goal yeah it was the dummy from Coutinho just the awareness of the people around him he knew that Chan was running behind him fantastic dummy you know Glenn's right the weight of the pass from Chan to Firmino to cross it first time it's a great, great goal it reminded me of a throwback you know Fletcher of back in the 80s when they had their special team when they had the movement people running off the ball a little dummy that Dalglish would have made there what Coutinho made and this crowd have been used to that sort of football over the years but what a fabulous goal it's only the second goal that West Brom have conceded in the first half of matches this season Kevin Morales and Everton got the other one in stoppage time they've been the best team defensively in the Premier League in the first half so the fact that Liverpool have been able to get one so early in the match is something that hasn't been happening to West Brom and Tony Pulis this season I mean Tony Bates has got pride in the way his teams defend but you know sometimes you can't win a game like this you cannot defend against certain goals and that was one of them, everything was perfect there's Mane Firmino Adam Lallana Milner's made the run and Lallana spotted him early found him with a really good ball now Coutinho Dawson in the way Chan had to use his strength there to hold off Rondon Adam Lallana is all over the field Glenn already in the match he's been everywhere hasn't he he's got such quick feet and also when he needs to, when you give him time he'll get his head up, drive forward and he gets a beautiful pass to Milner in front of him he's got a great line behind him a minute ago he really is up for this he just needs to add them goals to his performances and he'll be some player was McCawley's challenge on Lallana got there just in time there's Mane and now Clyde Firmino had just stayed out there on that right wing and now he's got a great pass to Coutinho so Emery Chan is the furthest forward on this occasion and Ben Foster who was nigh unbeatable against Tottenham in the Premier League last weekend off his line quickly for West Brom yeah in this formation Emery Chan does get forward he had a chance against United great save from De Gea in the week but you know he's great pass to Firmino for the goal he's a he's a real good player you know filling in for Wijnaldum Dawson's ball in towards Phillips and Matty was there for Liverpool powerful header by McCawley and we're going to get the free kick here West Brom as well, Jurgen Klopp didn't agree judging by his body language on the technical area just going back to that point there I think that's where Klopp is really clever those two midfield players Chan and Henderson they can rotate they're allowed to go into that penalty area and if Chan goes the other one sits Henderson goes Chan sits and it's a really good rotation from the deeper midfield players Olsen's gone forward for the set piece plenty of time here for Jordan Henderson fantastic ball out to Mane you see there you've got a set piece it's cushioned into the centre before he's fixed on McLean's 15 yards outside the box that's going to be West Brom's best opportunity I believe to score from the set piece you've got to commit them forward and a flick by Coutinho to Lallana and Kletcher was working hard but too hard according to Neil Shoredrick free kick to Liverpool they've got pace on the line and a small amount of contact there from Fletcher here's Coutinho he could descend it all the way out there to Nathaniel Clyne works some room for the cross and saves a really good ball in as well Emre Can was reaching for it couldn't quite get there there's that example of Chan getting in the penalty area but this is great look drop of the shoulder brings him inside takes him on the outside and what a cross this is just waiting for a red shirt to get on the end of it but it's really positive for Liverpool look at that beautiful ball in that corridor in between the keeper and the last defender and the deep line midfield player gets in that box and almost gets himself a goal you're tempted to say here Robbie that it's back to the drawing board for West Bromwich Albion but what can Liverpool do at this moment in time Liverpool having all the possession the quality of ball to Rondon has not been good they've got no support to him and the quality set pieces has in a couple been very disappointing so far for West Bromwich Clyne's on the move again from right back and you can see the idea there from Henderson lots of football coming your way on BT Sport next week we'll see Liverpool again they're at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace coverage starts at 5 o'clock BT Sport 1HD and 4K UHD and then a double header the following weekend Chelsea against Everton is the game on Saturday 5 o'clock start and then the following day we've got the North London derby Arsenal against Tottenham on Sunday the 6th of November fireworks the night after bonfire night quarter past 11 we start BT Sport 1HD and 4K UHD Lovren against Rondon there referee decides to give the free kick to Liverpool Rondon backing in towards Lallana and that's a goal from West Bromwich from the top of the middle Liverpool 2-4 the goal Liverpool 2-4 Liverpool 2-4 compared to West Bromwich and the pass accuracy they're finding their men moving the ball quick they've got the goal do those numbers count that West Bromwich have been passed to death Clyne I think the reason that is for Aaron is that Liverpool players when they're in possession that they can pass to, whereas West Brom at times, when they win it, it's 60 yards, 70 yards, and that's the major difference. That's why they'll be able to be so accurate in their passing. And the movement off the ball, look at the rotation now. There's six players running off the ball for Liverpool when someone's in possession. It's sloppy from Karius, which gives West Brom the throw-in. Karius is starting for the fourth successive match in the Premier League, preferred these days to Simon Mignolet. Dawson's got a decent long throw on him. That's what he chooses to do. It goes shorter instead to Chadley. Now Claudio Jakub. On by McLean, but through to Karius. More defending from Neon today. He gets a bit of help in there from Claudio Jakub as well. Here's McLean, and now Chadley. West Brom at the moment, I think, just happy to hold on to the ball for a while. Here's Fletcher. Now James McLean. And Lallana showing his defensive strengths as well back there for Liverpool. Chadley can play it forward here to Salomon Rondon. And then McLean and Phillips is waiting for the cross. And the block made over there by Nathaniel Clyne. It's good defending from Clyne, not letting the cross come in. It is interesting, though, when West Brom do get in the last third and get wide, they actually have got four. Four or four players in that penalty area. Here's Fletcher. Now Jakub. He's lost it there, and Adam Lallana can bring it forward. Coutinho's making a run. Chan getting forward as well. Milder looking to join in from left back too. Here's Lallana. And still Lallana. And he's got it. He's trying to kick out the top corner. It couldn't do it, but they're so dangerous, Liverpool, when you give the ball away in those areas. I think that sums up West Brom. Negative first off. To play the ball backwards to a centre-half. There's Lallana. Tries to get that to his left foot. Goes for that far corner. It's been so impressive so far. Adam Lallana's work rate. I think when you look at him, Robbie, he's one of the main beneficiaries, isn't he, under Jurgen Klopp. He's really flourished, hasn't he, here at Liverpool, since Klopp's. Green here. England are reaping the rewards as well at international level. Yeah, he's done really well. You know, his movement. It looks like he's gained a yard of pace as well, the way he goes past people. It's given away by Dawson to Jordan Henderson. And the minute they do lose it, West Brom, you can see the red shirts all start to make their runs. Here's Clyne. Now Mane. Coutinho. Coutinho always seems to have space. When he's got the ball. Now Milner. Still managed to squeeze the cross in. And a big shout there from Ben Foster. This is... This is from Milner. We know they're going to cross the goalkeeper. OK, it was a bit too close to him for Mignosi. Tried to get there. At least it was the first time Milner tried to go on the outside. He's been coming back on that right foot. Tony Puleus would have had that defence just squeezing out as soon as he comes back on his right. But going on the outside causes you another problem. So Chadley was fighting a losing battle in there, but he's got the free kick. Yes, Emery Chan is trying to win the ball off Chadley. He's working hard, Chan. You can see Tony Puleus when the free kick was taken. And he was saying, get in there, get in the box. But no, they played it short. I'm up towards Chadley. Clyne was there for Liverpool. And then Adam Lallana to Firmino. On Milner. And a day! Sanders! I think he's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. Roberto Firmino. Emery Chan. Coutinho. Mane. So interesting, Dan. When Liverpool attack, they tend to leave a block in the middle of the pit. So Chan, Henderson, Matip and Lovren. That allows all the other players to attack. You can get your full backs high up the park. And if it breaks down, you're strong in the middle of the park. Walker for Foster. It's not gone very far. There's Mane. And now Coutinho. And still Coutinho. Oh, that's fantastic! Philippe Coutinho is putting on a bit of a show in the first half here at Anfield. And Liverpool lead 2-0. Well, brilliant from Coutinho. That, you've got to say. And then you said, Macaulay and Dawson both for a cup of tea. It's not half time yet, but it may as well be. First off again, Fletcher going backwards. The ball bounces into Foster. Okay. He's missed, hit the clearance. But just watch this now. Both players dive in. Coutinho is allowed to come inside on his right foot. And beat Foster at his knee at post, Glenn. Well, it's all stemmed from Fletcher, isn't it? I've said early on, there's three or four occasions where he's looked to go backwards first. And to give your goalkeeper a ball that's spinning in the air. And it was really an awkward one for Foster. And he couldn't get a good clearance on it. And it all stems from there. But wonderful finishing. The way he's cut inside and kept his head and just got Foster on the near post. And I think this is now game over. I think I saw you do that, Dan, on the television once. Yeah, I think I got a seventh. It's been an excellent attacking display, hasn't it, so far? By Liverpool. Coutinho had a big hand in the first goal with a dummy. And the goal he just scored, squeezing it into Foster's near post. His fifth goal of the season. Liverpool doubled their lead. And it's difficult to see at the moment what West Brom can do, if anything, to get themselves back in the game, Glenn. Well, the way they've been set up, they can't get out. That's the problem. When I said it at the top of the show, at the top of the game, it's whether the midfield players can get that ball down, have the composure to get it into Chadley. To get it into Rondon. And that hasn't happened. They've gone backwards, as we've been saying, and causing their own problems now. Firmino on the run this time. Caught the foot in by Jakob from West Brom. So many teams play this pattern, though, don't you? You see the pattern. Nobody's taking a little bit of a risk. We're one of the ones. We're the right-wing side, men. They're going so far back for West Brom. They're looking after the right-back and the left-back, Milner and Klein. Sometimes you just think, just let one of them stay up and see what they do. Take a risk. 英 Man United have got a lot of sticks for coming here and getting a draw. It is really hard to do when you're set out as a more defensive team, you've got to concentrate, the minds are looking out for you, mindset's different you know and people say well United come to Anfield only got a point but it's a good point for Jose Mourinho's men. This is when you bear in mind what happened to Arsenal on their own pitch on the opening weekend and what Liverpool were able to do at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea as well. Here's Henderson and now Clyne and they're hunting more goals here Liverpool Firmino quick to Clyne putting on a show of times aren't they Liverpool the confidence is in through the ball. That's wonderful skill isn't it. Back to play good vision lovely little skill one foot onto the other you've got the full-back driving on through and am I right in saying at this moment in time they're top of the league 2-0 up. Yes it would be enough wouldn't it those draws today for Spurs and Arsenal the Arsenal one particularly against Middlesbrough one that people didn't see coming Manchester City play tomorrow so do Manchester United Liverpool will be top if they can win the match by two clear goals they're doing that at the moment would be a fitting end I suppose in many ways to Jurgen Klopp's first full year in charge they've come a long way since that nil-nil here in the Europa League against Ruben Kazan Tom pyl. Henderson or Coutinho supported here by James Milner Philip Coutinho Lallana Sadio Mane Lallana had never stopped running there Leon across for West Bromwich Albion and now McLean can try and bring it the other way but that bit of acceleration from Mane got him there first Goal! Goal! Goal! Powered by Jakub on Coutinho Joel Matip on Nathaniel Klein here's Lallana swings another one forward for Firmino who gets there Now it was almost a wonderful pass wasn't it Lallana opens his body up look at that great ball in behind he just couldn't quite get there could he for me but the movement again some Champions League football to tell you about we've got the rematch between Manchester City and Barcelona on Tuesday the 1st of November 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 and 4K UHD and the following night Tottenham against Bayer Leverkusen that's on the 2nd of November from Wembley 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 4K UHD as well as every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport It's a competition that Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp will be hoping to play in next season the Champions League and tip their wits against some of Europe's best certainly heading in the right direction aren't they that's good from Chap powered by Fletcher just a yard shot all over the park West Brom missing challenges you know Fletcher there great skill from Chan he misses the challenge and he misses the chance of a big goal I think he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful well there's a suspension for Claudio Jakob and he basically talked his way in there didn't he fifth booking this season so he's going to be suspended for the next one didn't really give Neil Swarbrick an option did you Robbie no he's screaming in the referee's face Tony Poulos wasn't happy you can see going to be suspended now for the next game I don't know about next week but now he's got it booking he's got a long way to go with all them little quick-footed Liverpool players there shifting the ball he's got to really play discipline now if not he'll be sent off what can West Brom do in the second half can they put another forward on Al Robson can who you know what what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here what's going on here I don't know the They can only hit Liverpool on the counter, but they haven't got the players to do it. It was interesting when he spoke to Des Kelly before the game, and Des said Manchester United were able to hold them here on Monday, and he said you did mention that was Manchester United. That's how hard it is. He was under no illusions, Tony Pulis, when he came here today. Those fears have been confirmed by Liverpool in the first half, and of course they'll attack the Kop in the second half, which is often the end where they save their best stuff. So that's all to come West Brom's way in the second half, but they've been pretty irresistible, haven't they, so far here in Liverpool? In the first half of this one, the goals from Sadio Mane, Philippe Coutinho, and Liverpool with this comfortable 2-0 lead. West Brom give the ball again, give it away again, inside their own half. There's Chan, away by McCauley. Fletcher was almost caught in possession there by Coutinho. Fletcher, away by Mane. Foot in there from Clyne. And then Mane was bundled over by Olsen. That just again sums up West Brom. The pass from Chadwick is behind James McLean, he's going to have to turn, he goes, turns, goes back, and then Olsen tries to win the ball in front of Mane. Definite free kick. I'd like to see what the boys think, Michael and Maka, at half-time. It was a great first goal for Liverpool, but Ne-Yam's position, did he get too much under the ball, did he know where Mane was?