fixture list coming up, Arsenal later in the month they have the unlikely double header of away games at Bayern Munich and Sutton United here they are away at Stamford Bridge lean pickings in recent seasons for them, they're still over the Premier League gears home and away have a better win record than Chelsea 19 to 16 will be started again is more central to change that was made in the first half it is the system that we expected yeah maybe Chelsea expected from the start alongside looks like so it's a four four one one by Oxlade-Chamberlain should have been on the ball there just let it get away from him I can say almost it's that challenge looks like chamber there they would it Chelsea would be on the counter-attack Moses whipping it forward Costa couldn't hold it up initially on the side wonder whether if you haven't had that back from the staffy in the first half he might have sped on to that he was a standing start Hazard and Koscielny was on the road and that's what giving the advantage again those central positions that Hazard and Pedro taking up the danger on the counter-attack moved by Wilcock the the the the the her sin quite a that deflected out for Chelsea trophy wasn't spotted by the assistant little perfect ask for the watch a lot right like and said about role they had it the fact that you could defend well on the inside but also very capable going out and shit in a one-on-one position having played right back really is ideal Shきたnu circle again the top of his alleniiic the left center, the left bodygy Phil tollä Glimpsi it um I a tion of second strike right ball through to the left guard blades have twice can it look minutes 5 1 3 to 2. Antonio Conte emphasising he's taking this pursuit of the title very much on a game-by-game basis. Today it's a half-by-half basis. There were times in the first half when Chelsea looked as though the second period could be comfortable. Certainly not starting in that position. Just in the back of the Chelsea players' minds, that mauling that they got at the Emirates back in September. But if Arsenal give it away like that, Chelsea might be able to get into a more comfortable position sooner rather than later. Here's Matic. Alonso. He won't talk too much about pairs in central midfield anymore when you think of years gone by and the pairs that existed, but you think of Matic and Conte as a true, really good central midfield pair. They work well together. Right-footed, one left-footed. Moses. Moses. Really found a niche at Chelsea at long, long last after being wound out. Several occasions as the right wing-back. One back by the eager Pedro. He's a real workaholic with plenty of skill as well. It's amazing the confidence difference in him this year to last year. I'm going to chase it again, having misplaced that pass. Kante. Good pressure by Chelsea. Conte. That was brilliant from Conte. Now Matic. Hazard. Likes to get it onto his right foot. Disguised that one. Just a little bit behind him when he cut back inside. Oh, just travelled backwards. Just meant he was having to fetch it. But will they get it? Well, let's get some early second-half thoughts from Jamie Redknapp. Jamie. I like listening to what Gary said about Kante there, you look at how the system they play, because they almost play with Kante on the right, Matic in the middle and Kante on the left. That's how much energy he's got. He is absolutely everywhere. He pops up in great positions. He wins tackles, he never gives it away. And he epitomizes his Chelsea team. Oh, what a shot. He's got it. That's what I'm talking about. What a save by Matic. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. His manager talking yesterday that he can improve in the way he passes the ball forward. So good at getting it in the first place. This is amazing. Right on cue, and Golovkin... For Diego Costa, it's offside, and Cech has smothered it anyway. His impact on his team is absolutely incredible. It really is. Last season, to do what he did at Leicester, this season what he's doing here... Infectious, breaks up play, gets them on the counter-attack. He's fantastic. He's a midfield marathon man. Coquelin. And he's got it. Ozil. That's all right. Hazard, who intervenes. Costa, good anticipation. And Hazard... And wonderful ball retention too. Adolfo Coquelin did his best to foul him. Still Hazard, can he round this off here? Rolling wonderful. The brilliance of the Belgian. Such a splendid solo goal. And there's the man whose money has changed the balance of power in the capital from Arsenal to Chelsea over the last decade or so. With signings like this fella. Well, he's got three games without a shot on goal, Eden Hazard. And before the game, he did a piece of him. About being brilliant and going on to win Chelsea the league. This is absolutely sensational. The first bit with Coquelin where he just puts him on his backside. Is the resilience, the strength. Get down. And then, Koscielny has to come towards him. Once he's in the box, it's a nightmare. And the finish, well, it's one of those ones that always goes in. When you kick it in against the ground, the goalkeeper goes down, it bounces up. But Koscielny has to try and engage earlier. He's brilliant from Hazard, he's wonderful. And Chelsea and him, well, they're nearly out of sight in this game. And he's mad. Even by contest standards, the celebration worthy of the goal itself. Fans, stewards, substitutes, all being embraced by the boss. Oh, Moses has to keep his concentration. Easy to get carried away, we're getting carried away with it. And a fantastic piece of football magic from Eden Hazard. There's your takes, there is that. Diego Costa, attack the ball, whatever. Job done, effectively he's got a free kick as well. Every time in this game, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie. And he's got a great attack. And both full-backs have gone forward. Those positions of Pedro and Hazard, in those little inside heart-cheating positions, your heart's in your mouth if you're an Arsenal fan. And sat up here watching it, thinking, oh no, if there's a counter-attack on here, they're in big trouble. He said to Thierry Henry in that interview in the week, it's all instinctive. Goodness me. Inspiring instincts there. There must have been a little bit of thought in the final bit, but it was superb. And Moses trying to get it in. Moses trying to get a song from the same sheet as well. Contact. Costa. It wasn't already a test for Arsenal, it's a huge test now. The crowd are up. Sometimes they slump here, but they've just been bewildered here by the Belgian. But there are certain players in world football that, when they get you into the box, you can't challenge them, you can't tackle them, you're in hope, because it's a penalty if you go near them. And Koscielny had to engage outside the box here. Mustafi with him. Once we got him in the box, he was in massive, massive trouble. And Hasler in massive, massive trouble in this game. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT I don't think they'll get that. Once again, Stamford Bridge is the Garden of Eden. A Hollywood goal, with... Will Ferrell and John C Reilly. I don't know whether they quite understand what they've seen, but, boys, it was very good. FANS ROAR Iwobi, on the rail... Pushing further forward, Wilcox, number on his 100th. Still on 99, though. It's good from Gary Cahill. Fielder-Walcott makes a really good run. I'm not sure it's a corner, it's been given. Chelsea would be too happy if anything comes from it. On the way out. The flag is up. He's got the ability, Edwin Hazard, to go to that next level. That level where you put yourself in the brackets of the best 3-4 players in the world. And Arsene Wenger, it took a gut for him to be able to affect it. He's trying to communicate with his bench. But he just dips. He has a great season, he dipped last season, he's got to maintain it. And that's Ronaldo, Messi, Bale, Neymar, they're delivering incredible numbers season in, season out. And he's got the ability to do that. Iwobi. Nicely forward by Euclid Chamberlain into Ozil. Well put together, this piece of play by Arsenal. Coquelin. Easy for... Moses. He's setting off and they can stretch. Arsenal again here. And Monreal's out of the game. Early ball. Mustafi just got a piece of it. And in steps Kante. I just think that... It was... We used to call it two and a half. You know, one full-back goes forward, the other one's got to be half in. Where you cannot have both fully committed forward. And I think Arsenal today should have deployed it two and a half. A system with their full-backs where one does go forward like Monreal, but the other one really is tucked into a central midfield position. Because they're getting killed on this counter-attack. Sanchez. Here's Costa. Just a few blocks on it. He's going to make two long. And he probably, amongst all this, has a bit of his best today, Diego Costa. Will he get involved? I don't quite understand fully the system of awarding assists, but really should get one for the first goal. Diego Costa. And the crossbar is involved as well. I don't know whether that removes him from the role of honour in that respect. And here they come again. Hazard again. And the warning lights were on again for Arsenal. For everyone that they've got through, they've missed three or four of them again. Hazard really should have played Pedro in. I think between the three of them, they could all have given each other a goal on the counter-attack if they'd played a better pass. I'll play Chamberlain. Looking for Ozil, who did enough to make Aspera-Quetta glance it behind for the corner. Still half an hour to go. Chelsea have scored early in both halves. And Luis just there before Koscielny. There again. One way out. And a cock to drive it in. And... Oh, and Atkinson has to stop it here. Here's Alonso. I think he goes up with David Luiz at the edge of the box. Both of them really committed... to clear the lines. Yeah, man. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. It does... give us the opportunity to marvel again... at the magic of Eden Hazard. Yeah, that position there, you look at Bellarine, where he's on that far side. Look where Monreal is. They're out of the game. And Cotalan, who should be the one, maybe can try and get the counter-attack stopped. He just throws him down. And the two centre-backs are scared to death, as you would be, as you would be any retreating defender with him coming at you you've got massive problems and once he gets them into the box backing up backing off off balance check he gets fooled goes down a little bit too early maybe so come on for so long so with a rapid recovery sort of again the value of the change of system all those weeks back at arsenal to limit damage then but they've got a left wing back who they didn't have until the last 35 minutes of that game scoring the first goal and then has a playing from the middle where he was playing wide before again it's a success for the system as the ball comes down to this left-hand side for us the montreal goes forward bellarin you can see on that far side should be tucking in 15 20 yards apologies but they're not shifting in and out quickly enough the arsenal fullbacks they're both standing on the touchline it's something that really they've never got to grips with it's poor from the arsenal fullbacks actually it really is look at them now look where hazard is on that far side monreal's forward gabriel out on the far side hazard ready to counter attack we've got to wake up to things like that as players it's obvious why would you expose yourselves to it here's monreal as olivier giroud stretches to uh prepare for his entrance what you're actually saying is that you're not going to be able to get him out of the box entrance what you're actually saying is that you're not going to get him out of the box and that's why you're not going to get him out of the box but what you're actually saying is gabriel is actually having to do more damage going forward and hazard's going to go do it the other way it's ridiculous fanches let's go now monreal very nearly came with a chance for gabriel both full-backs involved in the same attack it's true though you you're almost saying both full-backs going forward you're gonna do more danger to chelsea than chelsea gonna do through pedro and hazard imagine having thought process in the game of this nature well this is interesting now Olivier Giroud coming on felt an injury in the warm-up against Watford a match he was picked to start he came in the address and said I don't feel quite right but I want to play and he went out and after three or four minutes it was clear he wasn't fit they kept him on until half time and now he's fit again to come on from the bench here let me just throw this midfield at you Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a wall bit and Ozil against Chelsea I mean you talk about pairs before of Kante and Matic how can Arsenal compete to win a league with that midfield Moses brute force in the end they have got suspensions they have got people away the one player that we never talk about these days we've been out so long but he's such a great player for us Moussanti Cazorla yeah but I'm talking about players who can come into these big matches Martin away from home and keep a clean sheet for you and I know Cazorla's a fantastic player he got sent off here last season season in season out they don't have that resilience in central midfield through the spine to be able to compete in these matches Xhaka suspended Ramsey injured Elneny he's had a good run in the Africa cup of nations I mean a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is under Canadian pressure probably what is if i'm at a provincial probably what is if I'm at a provincial Bo those central defender to bring order shows this and Tr Fuick I'll be continued to be counted act on I will look at just picking knows this pocket small enough in now for our store I'll be continued to be counted aptur APPLAUSE That's Pellegretto. Hazard. Goes at Arsenal again, tries to tee up Pedro. He tried to tee up Marcos Alonso, and there goes Costa wanting a piece of the action but not quite getting it. If you look at the difference, the ball breaks free in central, we feel the way from Arsenal, straight away Chelsea are onto it, stopping the counter-attack, Matic, Kante, both together. Daniel Wilder's gonna come on. This is the cavalry, this. Danny Welbeck, who of course has had... ..a couple of outings as a substitute, and also started and got two goals against Southampton in the FA Cup last weekend. They're holding the... ..the change until after the free kick. David Luiz was the surprise factor at Anfield, but there's... ..a bit of a change there. He sort of sneaked onto the scene and pulled out of the mini-lay. Petr Cech's decided that he's gonna go for a two-man wall so he can see more of the ball. Beat me if you can. Yeah, rather than having the four in the wall, maybe sometimes keepers would. Comes up with something different, gets a corner out of it. That touch by Chamberlain did well, didn't switch off. He was up against Diego Costa, and David Luiz just dinked it on top of him. APPLAUSE Yeah, yeah. Fouls away. Fans on that far corner there. I mean, their own personal gratitude to Eden Hazard, as they see him at a bit closer quarters. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! There he is again. And then it's reached David Luiz and the flag has gone up. And Arsenal must have got out pretty quickly. Mm. Well, Arsenal have been a bit more aggressive this week, but they've got a good chance of winning. They've got a good chance of winning. They've got a good chance of winning. Arsenal wanted to make the change that time. They've got to check. Played it quickly. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Well, you can understand the urgency. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Others have the chance over the remainder of the weekend to get closer to Chelsea. For Arsenal, there will be a 12-point gap unless something dramatic happens in the last 20 minutes here. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. And, er... THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. That will be seen. They're going to be seen. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Not quite white flag time from Arsenal, but... THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. ..they'll be dropping out of the race. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. And the Arsenal fans are still singing to our left, still hoping that the team, through Dani Welbeck and the rest of the players that remain on the pitch, can get that goal back that can spook Chelsea in these last 20 minutes. It is 100 up for Theo Walcott today, not in terms of reaching that milestone of goals scored for Arsenal. Not in terms of reaching that milestone of goals scored for Arsenal. It's the 100th time he has been substituted. It's the 100th time he has been substituted. Dani Welbeck's gonna make the long run across the far side of the pitch and a play on the right. Sanchez on the left and obviously Giroud is the central striker. It is great to see Dani Welbeck back playing again. It is great to see Dani Welbeck back playing again. Two really serious knee problems. Two really serious knee problems. And the sound of the Arsenal looking to ease him back in. And the sound of the Arsenal looking to ease him back in. He looked his old self in those only 20 minutes at St Mary's. He looked his old self in those only 20 minutes at St Mary's. A little injection of pace, and Matic has been booked. But he stood him up, Dani Welbeck. He stood him still, and then he said, he's got to beat you in the direct race, and he did. There's it. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Certainly going to be gassed when Chelsea counterattack at the moment. Give him away the freekick. If he gives freekicks away, Chelsea, it's a new break-up play. Have a quick word with Jamie, Jamie. Just a minute ago, you saw Nemanja Matic break up a counterattack from Arsenal and took a foul. I would say that's game in synergy. that's game intelligence and the opposite of that is what Arsenal should have done. Coquelin, and I don't want to take away the beauty of Hazard's goal, has got to one way or another stop that counter-attack with Hazard, whether he pulls him down and takes the booking for the team and I think that shows the naivety of Arsenal and the game intelligence of Chelsea in a nutshell. Well, Arsenal have the chance to stay in the contest here, they can get on the end of Urzel's usually very good delivery. Picking up on Jamie's point, I think that the first half of Chelsea is shrewd, Arsenal let you play, they just let you play, that's the simple thing about Arsenal over the last few years, it wasn't always like that the first few years playing against Arsenal at Highbury, it was very difficult to get a pass away, let alone get five or six passes. But now you look at the sort of makeup of the front six, no doubt, some of them work hard, but the ability to be able to break up play and understand the defensive side just isn't there and I think the full-backs, Monreal, Gabriel obviously is makeshift one, they really have been positionally very, very poor today in terms of their understanding of the danger in the game of Pedro and Hazard. This isn't sort of a 1v1 where they're getting beat 1v1, you think well fair enough, this is just positionally. Now, Monreal's too wide on this side, why be so wide when the ball's on the far side, you don't need to be. There's him. Pitcheru to aim for now. That's better from Gabriel, it's a better position, he gets pulled up for it, but that's where he should be, Hansel Rijkaard's tucked into a more central midfield role alongside his teammates, and he's blocked the counter-attack. Yeah, it's just a little bit of a short arm, jab, stroke, elbow from Gabriel. Yeah, not great. Who knows what he's doing. He wouldn't have done that to Didier Drogba. Pitcheru, the contact down on the side, the attraction of watching Chelsea. Frank Lampard's been at the training ground for a couple of weeks working on his coaching badges, but isn't here today having announced his official retirement from playing yesterday. What a fantastic career. Oh... Set-up not quite right for Arsenal. Hazard buys himself plenty of time. Time to spray it wide to Moses. Trying to get Diego Costa in with another header. And it's in. And it's in. David Luiz. That's for Ligueto. Jamie Redknapp. I listened to Gary's piece before the game and thought he was spot-on about Hazard, maybe just levels dropped in the last few games, but it's been a joy to watch him today, isn't it? His levels have been so high. Everything about him. And the most amazing thing when I watch him is, you feel that he can actually do more. When he gets the ball, you want him on an all-game, because he is so talented, when he moves with the ball, he's effortless, he almost lets players off the hook, because his talent is incredible. Absolutely, I think the term world-class should be reserved for very few, and he is a world-class talent. There's no way to watch him like he has been today. His difference, the difference in big games, equals world-class. 15 minutes away. Three crucial points for Chelsea, and three chilling points lost for Arsenal. Communication down to the dugout, which is permitted through this patchline. Neil Battenfield is the man with the earpiece between the kickers, the kit man and Steve Bould, who is the senior. The coach on the bench when Arsene Wenger's not there. David Luiz. I can't help thinking that the plan of Arsenal to deal with Hazard, or the lack of attention to him... Oh, dear. It's just going south. He's been given so much space. He's been given so much space. He's been given so much space. He can't believe it, the amount of space he's had today. To operate in. Here's Welbeck, eager to show that he's back in full working order. No better stage to try and show that. If he can get Arsenal back in with a chance of at least getting a point. The goal would be interesting. He's given a little bit of something to Arsenal, Manny Welbeck. THEY CHANT Here's Alexis Sanchez. Still going. Headed by Welbeck! Good reach by the angular Courtois. I think it's a comfortable one for Courtois, but nothing to say about it. He's got to say that when your team does require... your goalkeeper is a good one, a very good one, he pushes it away from Giroud, he's waiting. Mustafi! Oh... That's a better chance. The Welbeck header was difficult for him, he was not at the pace of the ball, but this one... Six yards out. Gets a good contact, Mustafi. It's his favourite run, too, as he scored against Burnley. With a near post header. Monreal. That was a belated reaction from Atkinson, but I think he might have been right that he got through Danny Welbeck to get the ball. Victor Mourises. Yeah, it was a foul. Here's Diego Costa, coming to get room on the counter attack. As they're keeping pace with him. And he's just waiting in the middle if Costa can... dig out a cross. In the end, there wasn't quite the path for it. Most decisive. He must have got frustrated with himself, Diego Costa. They are so important, players in teams, even at this level, players who come off the pitch having not scored, even if their team has won, and feeling that they haven't done their job. It's only the most single-minded of men that feel like that. He's one of them. He's certainly in that mode, I think, at the moment, Costa. You can see it in his face and his expression. Conte in the back, it's Marcus Alonso, and he didn't quite get there because Gabriel drove Robbie away from him. Come on, come on! Hey, hey! Hey! Willian is hugely involved for Antonio Conte. Come on, come on! Sometimes starter... and sometimes sub. And here's Moses. Decent pressure on the ball from Arsenal. Chelsea have still got to play the majority of the relegation candidates at home. They'll be fighting for their lives. Manchester City have still got to come here. Next weekend, they're away to Burnley, where they have a wonderful home record, Chelsea the host. They still have to go to Manchester United, and Everton, who of course have put Manchester City to the sword. They'll still have to go to West Ham, where they've been knocked out of the League Cup this season. Matic. Monreal in the way. Although you might want to write off Arsenal after this game, Gary. There's no title decider for Chelsea. There's a lot of battles still to be fought. No, there is a long way to go. But I think for a team and a club, I would think, that are growing in confidence... ..from Arsenal's point of view, there's got to be a lot of players who've been through this type of journey over the last few years, who haven't got the experience of winning the league. They've won the first one, didn't quite fancy the second one. If it was to stay like this, it's a tough play-out. If it was to stay like this, you can't think there'll be many Arsenal players going home tonight thinking, we're going to win this league, we'll get back into it. Because they haven't got the experience of doing so. Long-time assistant for Primorac, alongside the Arsenal manager. APPLAUSE Substitution put on hold, there's Diego Costa again. Prepared to attack the ball, not once but twice. Good work by Oxlade-Chamberlain. Comes out of Chelsea's right. Hazard. He's got Nemanja Matic up with him, who's never scored a goal for Chelsea, it's Dan for Bridge. He might be sensing an opportunity to be in on a break here. Fabregas and Willian still waiting to be introduced to Chelsea. And now the changes will happen. Pato, his way to Willian. Even the little things, Pedro there just before, knowing he was going to substitute, he run 15 yards the other side of the pitch to make it a longer walk-off and waste some time. That's hard-off as well. Plenty of appreciation for Pedro, but for Eden Hazard, a standing ovation. Nothing better than the appreciation of your teammates. Even that. And now, the manager. They're still probably with added time, 10 minutes to go in this game. And I suppose the counter-attack now becomes a lot less of a threat from Chelsea with Hazard and Pedro going off. But Arsenal could get back into this game and get one goal. Yes, they're thinking a little premature, the bows and the bouquets there. I'm surprised that Hazard's come off. I have to say that to still have that counter-attack option, they've got to put through him. I think from Arsenal's point of view now, it could, Chelsea could invite them forward. If you're an Arsenal defender, you'd certainly be relieved. Ursel. And now, Master Leclerc. Gabriel. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. I don't think the substitutions reflect that he thinks the game's won, but especially after midweek when he took off Hazard and then you get the penalty and obviously they miss it because the chance to hit is on Martin. I'll come back to you. There you go. That's some of the screen. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Against his old club, not too fond with the celebrations. But they've had some indignities here at Arsenal in recent years, and here's another one. And it's been delivered to Chelsea by a former Chelsea star, and scored by a former Arsenal captain. It just makes the back day even worse. Looks innocuous enough to shock up Kupeticek and Fabregas' composure. Oh, dear Arsenal. Kupeticek, unlike him, to make mistakes of that nature. Then he chases after the ball to make the mistake worse. He's an open net, he's still got a bit to do, Fabregas, but he's the type of player who's got the composure, the control, to be able to execute it, and he does. A sinking feeling for a top-class goalkeeper, and no-one's immune from errors though. And for Arsenal... All that's left for Arsenal here is to get a goal, which they haven't done in their last three visits. And haven't too often looked like getting today. Here goes Diego Costa, who's still got this voracious appetite. On to Willian. Arsenal get back. Well... Just looking to the Arsenal fans to my left, most of them, a lot of them have decided that's enough. Seeing Fabregas score is unbearable for them, a lot of them have walked out and you can't blame them. Yes. Zouma. Oh, Victor Moses. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, there's no better way to put to bed a 3-0 defeat than come up with a 3-0 victory. Yeah. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE But... I have to say... THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY START arguing THEY CHANT THE DIRECTION THEY CHANT THE DIRECTION THE DIRECTION THEY STAND SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING And to add to that, when they write the history of half of the Wenger years, there will be quite rightly so much praise, but to get yourself into trouble and get banned in a time where the fixture list includes a vital game like this one... Disputing what was clearly a penalty... Doesn't help, does it? Yes! Yes! Yes! And I never want to look back to yesteryear, but you can't help seeing... This is that play-out. Chelsea want more, and why not? Fabregas, not sure how much more he wants. And a looping header from Marco Alonso, doesn't quite loop enough. No, when you think of a spine of Adams and Keown or Vieira and Petit that really could have handled a game like today against the Pacers, it's a game that's going to be a real challenge for them. It's a game that's going to be a real challenge for them. A powerful, strong Chelsea team, but a million miles away from that in terms of their... ability to have that type of performance. They haven't just got enough meat in the team to be able to deal with it, it's just the power and the strength and the shrewdness, the ability to play big games and understand that you have to stop the opposition playing. You have to stop the opposition playing football, and this Arsenal team for five or six years just don't seem to pay enough attention to it. They're not going to be able to do it. They're not going to be able to do it. And the cross-capital comparisons with Chelsea are not pleasant. And they could get worse here. Diego Costa has forged another opening he once won himself, of which we've been stressing. He still hasn't got one. It's been a difficult day for Costa. Would have been a big moment for him. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Well, just talked about Arsenal, but I have to say, to see a really good side, which is what I'm watching here in Chelsea, they're a good side, they're good to watch, they do all the things that you would want from a team in terms of being able to win in a different way, and he is a shining light, Eman Hazard. True world-class player on his day, and he's been brilliant today. And they've got a goal from Olivier Giroud. A constant... A consolation prize, no more than that. Their first here for four years. He is good at that, Giroud. I have to say, I think Courtois should do better. He gets a good hand on it, he'll be disappointed with it, but he's good at getting across the near post, and he does. It's low down to his right, Courtois. When he watches it back after the game, he'll be thinking, oh, no, that's one I should be saving. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. Fabregas. Cech is now just about holding after the mishap a couple of minutes ago. I think we all can guess who that is directed at. Yeah, but he's an idiot, that guy. You know, Alson Bengt is a good guy. That guy. That guy. banger in a second from that guy's an absolute idiot i have to say barcelona doesn't deserve that you know obviously the arsenal fans disappointed but to preempt it by bringing a banner into the ground it's a joke and remember the consistency of finishing in the top four might not be acceptable to arsenal fans but the alternative might be that you'll end up below those positions sanchez trying to keep it alive well think about changing your manager maybe that you end up not in the top four for a few seasons and that actually what arsene wenger is achieving is fantastic so be careful and the idea of fans bringing banners into games before the game even starts and thinking about it since arsenal won the league there have been 12 completed seasons in those 12 seasons chelsea finished above arsenal 10 times not last season and martin it's well back it'll be devastating for arsenal fans those types of statistics however chelsea spent a lot more money i would imagine in that period and arsenal had built a new ground and also built a new ground i know that arsenal fans are probably sick of hearing that argument but the reality is it costs it's the truth yeah it costs i thought he was reaching for the wallet but uh just the phone just texting and hazard saying the bolts free this week yeah he's got one for each of the players hasn't he how long so started it all off so i'll give that one to you yes yes well then let's see how the play there that this is where most quality play has come from i've been playing a lot of