fixture list coming up, Arsenal later in the month they have the unlikely double header of away games at Bayern Munich and Sutton United here they are away at Stamford Bridge lean pickings in recent seasons for them, they're still over the Premier League gears home and away have a better win record than Chelsea 19 to 16 will be started again is more central to change that was made in the first half it is the system that we expected yeah maybe Chelsea expected from the start alongside looks like so it's a four four one one by Oxlade-Chamberlain should have been on the ball there just let it get away from him I can say almost it's that challenge looks like chamber there they would it Chelsea would be on the counter-attack Moses whipping it forward Costa couldn't hold it up initially on the side wonder whether if you haven't had that back from the staffy in the first half he might have sped on to that he was a standing start Hazard and Koscielny was on the road and that's what giving the advantage again those central positions that Hazard and Pedro taking up the danger on the counter-attack moved by Wilcock the the the the the her sin quite a that deflected out for Chelsea trophy wasn't spotted by the assistant little perfect ask for the watch a lot right like and said about role they had it the fact that you could defend well on the inside but also very capable going out and shit in a one-on-one position having played right back really is ideal Shきたnu circle again the top of his alleniiic the left center, the left bodygy Phil tollä Glimpsi it um I a tion of second strike right ball through to the left guard blades have twice can it look minutes 5 1 3 to 2. Antonio Conte emphasising he's taking this pursuit of the title very much on a game-by-game basis. Today it's a half-by-half basis. There were times in the first half when Chelsea looked as though the second period could be comfortable. Certainly not starting in that position. Just in the back of the Chelsea players' minds, that mauling that they got at the Emirates back in September. But if Arsenal give it away like that, Chelsea might be able to get into a more comfortable position sooner rather than later. Here's Matic. Alonso. He won't talk too much about pairs in central midfield anymore when you think of years gone by and the pairs that existed, but you think of Matic and Conte as a true, really good central midfield pair. They work well together. Right-footed, one left-footed. Moses. Moses. Really found a niche at Chelsea at long, long last after being wound out. Several occasions as the right wing-back. One back by the eager Pedro. He's a real workaholic with plenty of skill as well. It's amazing the confidence difference in him this year to last year. I'm going to chase it again, having misplaced that pass. Kante. Good pressure by Chelsea. Conte. That was brilliant from Conte. Now Matic. Hazard. Likes to get it onto his right foot. Disguised that one. Just a little bit behind him when he cut back inside. Oh, just travelled backwards. Just meant he was having to fetch it. But will they get it? Well, let's get some early second-half thoughts from Jamie Redknapp. Jamie. I like listening to what Gary said about Kante there, you look at how the system they play, because they almost play with Kante on the right, Matic in the middle and Kante on the left. That's how much energy he's got. He is absolutely everywhere. He pops up in great positions. He wins tackles, he never gives it away. And he epitomizes his Chelsea team. Oh, what a shot. He's got it. That's what I'm talking about. What a save by Matic. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. His manager talking yesterday that he can improve in the way he passes the ball forward. So good at getting it in the first place. This is amazing. Right on cue, and Golovkin... For Diego Costa, it's offside, and Cech has smothered it anyway. His impact on his team is absolutely incredible. It really is. Last season, to do what he did at Leicester, this season what he's doing here... Infectious, breaks up play, gets them on the counter-attack. He's fantastic. He's a midfield marathon man. Coquelin. And he's got it. Ozil. That's all right. Hazard, who intervenes. Costa, good anticipation. And Hazard... And wonderful ball retention too. Adolfo Coquelin did his best to foul him. Still Hazard, can he round this off here? Rolling wonderful. The brilliance of the Belgian. Such a splendid solo goal. And there's the man whose money has changed the balance of power in the capital from Arsenal to Chelsea over the last decade or so. With signings like this fella. Well, he's got three games without a shot on goal, Eden Hazard. And before the game, he did a piece of him. About being brilliant and going on to win Chelsea the league. This is absolutely sensational. The first bit with Coquelin where he just puts him on his backside. Is the resilience, the strength. Get down. And then, Koscielny has to come towards him. Once he's in the box, it's a nightmare. And the finish, well, it's one of those ones that always goes in. When you kick it in against the ground, the goalkeeper goes down, it bounces up. But Koscielny has to try and engage earlier. He's brilliant from Hazard, he's wonderful. And Chelsea and him, well, they're nearly out of sight in this game. And he's mad. Even by contest standards, the celebration worthy of the goal itself. Fans, stewards, substitutes, all being embraced by the boss. Oh, Moses has to keep his concentration. Easy to get carried away, we're getting carried away with it. And a fantastic piece of football magic from Eden Hazard. There's your takes, there is that. Diego Costa, attack the ball, whatever. Job done, effectively he's got a free kick as well. Every time in this game, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie. And he's got a great attack. And both full-backs have gone forward. Those positions of Pedro and Hazard, in those little inside heart-cheating positions, your heart's in your mouth if you're an Arsenal fan. And sat up here watching it, thinking, oh no, if there's a counter-attack on here, they're in big trouble. He said to Thierry Henry in that interview in the week, it's all instinctive. Goodness me. Inspiring instincts there. There must have been a little bit of thought in the final bit, but it was superb. And Moses trying to get it in. Moses trying to get a song from the same sheet as well. Contact. Costa. It wasn't already a test for Arsenal, it's a huge test now. The crowd are up. Sometimes they slump here, but they've just been bewildered here by the Belgian. But there are certain players in world football that, when they get you into the box, you can't challenge them, you can't tackle them, you're in hope, because it's a penalty if you go near them. And Koscielny had to engage outside the box here. Mustafi with him. Once we got him in the box, he was in massive, massive trouble. And Hasler in massive, massive trouble in this game. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT I don't think they'll get that. Once again, Stamford Bridge is the Garden of Eden. A Hollywood goal, with... Will Ferrell and John C Reilly. I don't know whether they quite understand what they've seen, but, boys, it was very good. FANS ROAR Iwobi, on the rail... Pushing further forward, Wilcox, number on his 100th. Still on 99, though. It's good from Gary Cahill. Fielder-Walcott makes a really good run. I'm not sure it's a corner, it's been given. Chelsea would be too happy if anything comes from it. On the way out. The flag is up. He's got the ability, Edwin Hazard, to go to that next level. That level where you put yourself in the brackets of the best 3-4 players in the world. And Arsene Wenger, it took a gut for him to be able to affect it. He's trying to communicate with his bench. But he just dips. He has a great season, he dipped last season, he's got to maintain it. And that's Ronaldo, Messi, Bale, Neymar, they're delivering incredible numbers season in, season out. And he's got the ability to do that. Iwobi. Nicely forward by Euclid Chamberlain into Ozil. Well put together, this piece of play by Arsenal. Coquelin. Easy for... Moses. He's setting off and they can stretch. Arsenal again here. And Monreal's out of the game. Early ball. Mustafi just got a piece of it. And in steps Kante. I just think that... It was... We used to call it two and a half. You know, one full-back goes forward, the other one's got to be half in. Where you cannot have both fully committed forward. And I think Arsenal today should have deployed it two and a half. A system with their full-backs where one does go forward like Monreal, but the other one really is tucked into a central midfield position. Because they're getting killed on this counter-attack. Sanchez. Here's Costa. Just a few blocks on it. He's going to make two long. And he probably, amongst all this, has a bit of his best today, Diego Costa. Will he get involved? I don't quite understand fully the system of awarding assists, but really should get one for the first goal. Diego Costa. And the crossbar is involved as well. I don't know whether that removes him from the role of honour in that respect. And here they come again. Hazard again. And the warning lights were on again for Arsenal. For everyone that they've got through, they've missed three or four of them again. Hazard really should have played Pedro in. I think between the three of them, they could all have given each other a goal on the counter-attack if they'd played a better pass. I'll play Chamberlain. Looking for Ozil, who did enough to make Aspera-Quetta glance it behind for the corner. Still half an hour to go. Chelsea have scored early in both halves. And Luis just there before Koscielny. There again. One way out. And a cock to drive it in. And... Oh, and Atkinson has to stop it here. Here's Alonso. I think he goes up with David Luiz at the edge of the box. Both of them really committed... to clear the lines. Yeah, man. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. It does... give us the opportunity to marvel again... at the magic of Eden Hazard. Yeah, that position there, you look at Bellarine, where he's on that far side. Look where Monreal is. They're out of the game. And Cotalan, who should be the one, maybe can try and get the counter-attack stopped. He just throws him down. And the two centre-backs are scared to death, as you would be, as you would be any retreating defender with him coming at you you've got massive problems and once he gets them into the box backing up backing off off balance check he gets fooled goes down a little bit too early maybe so come on for so long so with a rapid recovery sort of again the value of the change of system all those weeks back at arsenal to limit damage then but they've got a left wing back who they didn't have until the last 35 minutes of that game scoring the first goal and then has a playing from the middle where he was playing wide before again it's a success for the system as the ball comes down to this left-hand side for us the montreal goes forward bellarin you can see on that far side should be tucking in 15 20 yards apologies but they're not shifting in and out quickly enough the arsenal fullbacks they're both standing on the touchline it's something that really they've never got to grips with it's poor from the arsenal fullbacks actually it really is look at them now look where hazard is on that far side monreal's forward gabriel out on the far side hazard ready to counter attack we've got to wake up to things like that as players it's obvious why would you expose yourselves to it here's monreal as olivier giroud stretches to uh prepare for his entrance what you're actually saying is that you're not going to be able to get him out of the box entrance what you're actually saying is that you're not going to get him out of the box and that's why you're not going to get him out of the box but what you're actually saying is gabriel is actually having to do more damage going forward and hazard's going to go do it the other way it's ridiculous fanches let's go now monreal very nearly came with a chance for gabriel both full-backs involved in the same attack it's true though you you're almost saying both full-backs going forward you're gonna do more danger to chelsea than chelsea gonna do through pedro and hazard imagine having thought process in the game of this nature well this is interesting now Olivier Giroud coming on felt an injury in the warm-up against Watford a match he was picked to start he came in the address and said I don't feel quite right but I want to play and he went out and after three or four minutes it was clear he wasn't fit they kept him on until half time and now he's fit again to come on from the bench here let me just throw this midfield at you Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a wall bit and Ozil against Chelsea I mean you talk about pairs before of Kante and Matic how can Arsenal compete to win a league with that midfield Moses brute force in the end they have got suspensions they have got people away the one player that we never talk about these days we've been out so long but he's such a great player for us Moussanti Cazorla yeah but I'm talking about players who can come into these big matches Martin away from home and keep a clean sheet for you and I know Cazorla's a fantastic player he got sent off here last season season in season out they don't have that resilience in central midfield through the spine to be able to compete in these matches Xhaka suspended Ramsey injured Elneny he's had a good run in the Africa cup of nations I mean a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is probably not going to be a good run here is under Canadian pressure probably what is if i'm at a provincial probably what is if I'm at a provincial Bo those central defender to bring order shows this and Tr Fuick I'll be continued to be counted act on I will look at just picking knows this pocket small enough in now for our store I'll be continued to be counted aptur APPLAUSE That's Pellegretto. Hazard. Goes at Arsenal again, tries to tee up Pedro. He tried to tee up Marcos Alonso, and there goes Costa wanting a piece of the action but not quite getting it. If you look at the difference, the ball breaks free in central, we feel the way from Arsenal, straight away Chelsea are onto it, stopping the counter-attack, Matic, Kante, both together. Daniel Wilder's gonna come on. This is the cavalry, this. Danny Welbeck, who of course has had... ..a couple of outings as a substitute, and also started and got two goals against Southampton in the FA Cup last weekend. They're holding the... ..the change until after the free kick. David Luiz was the surprise factor at Anfield, but there's... ..a bit of a change there. He sort of sneaked onto the scene and pulled out of the mini-lay. Petr Cech's decided that he's gonna go for a two-man wall so he can see more of the ball. Beat me if you can. Yeah, rather than having the four in the wall, maybe sometimes keepers would. Comes up with something different, gets a corner out of it. That touch by Chamberlain did well, didn't switch off. He was up against Diego Costa, and David Luiz just dinked it on top of him. APPLAUSE Yeah, yeah. Fouls away. Fans on that far corner there. I mean, their own personal gratitude to Eden Hazard, as they see him at a bit closer quarters. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! There he is again. And then it's reached David Luiz and the flag has gone up. And Arsenal must have got out pretty quickly. Mm. Well, Arsenal have been a bit more aggressive this week, but they've got a good chance of winning. They've got a good chance of winning. They've got a good chance of winning. Arsenal wanted to make the change that time. They've got to check. Played it quickly. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Well, you can understand the urgency. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Others have the chance over the remainder of the weekend to get closer to Chelsea. For Arsenal, there will be a 12-point gap unless something dramatic happens in the last 20 minutes here. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. And, er... THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. That will be seen. They're going to be seen. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. Not quite white flag time from Arsenal, but... THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. ..they'll be dropping out of the race. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. THEY'RE GONNA PLAY IT QUICKLY. And the Arsenal fans are still singing to our left, still hoping that the team, through Dani Welbeck and the rest of the players that remain on the pitch, can get that goal back that can spook Chelsea in these last 20 minutes. It is 100 up for Theo Walcott today, not in terms of reaching that milestone of goals scored for Arsenal. Not in terms of reaching that milestone of goals scored for Arsenal. It's the 100th time he has been substituted. It's the 100th time he has been substituted. Dani Welbeck's gonna make the long run across the far side of the pitch and a play on the right. Sanchez on the left and obviously Giroud is the central striker. It is great to see Dani Welbeck back playing again. It is great to see Dani Welbeck back playing again. Two really serious knee problems. Two really serious knee problems. And the sound of the Arsenal looking to ease him back in. And the sound of the Arsenal looking to ease him back in. He looked his old self in those only 20 minutes at St Mary's. He looked his old self in those only 20 minutes at St Mary's. A little injection of pace, and Matic has been booked. But he stood him up, Dani Welbeck. He stood him still, and then he said, he's got to beat you in the direct race, and he did. There's it. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Sanchez trying something a bit overcomplicated. Certainly going to be gassed when Chelsea counterattack at the moment. Give him away the freekick. If he gives freekicks away, Chelsea, it's a new break-up play. Have a quick word with Jamie, Jamie. Just a minute ago, you saw Nemanja Matic break up a counterattack from Arsenal and took a foul. I would say that's game in synergy. that's game intelligence and the opposite of that is what Arsenal should have done. Coquelin, and I don't want to take away the beauty of Hazard's goal, has got to one way or another stop that counter-attack with Hazard, whether he pulls him down and takes the booking for the team and I think that shows the naivety of Arsenal and the game intelligence of Chelsea in a nutshell. Well, Arsenal have the chance to stay in the contest here, they can get on the end of Urzel's usually very good delivery. Picking up on Jamie's point, I think that the first half of Chelsea is shrewd, Arsenal let you play, they just let you play, that's the simple thing about Arsenal over the last few years, it wasn't always like that the first few years playing against Arsenal at Highbury, it was very difficult to get a pass away, let alone get five or six passes. But now you look at the sort of makeup of the front six, no doubt, some of them work hard, but the ability to be able to break up play and understand the defensive side just isn't there and I think the full-backs, Monreal, Gabriel obviously is makeshift one, they really have been positionally very, very poor today in terms of their understanding of the danger in the game of Pedro and Hazard. This isn't sort of a 1v1 where they're getting beat 1v1, you think well fair enough, this is just positionally. Now, Monreal's too wide on this side, why be so wide when the ball's on the far side, you don't need to be. There's him. Pitcheru to aim for now. That's better from Gabriel, it's a better position, he gets pulled up for it, but that's where he should be, Hansel Rijkaard's tucked into a more central midfield role alongside his teammates, and he's blocked the counter-attack. Yeah, it's just a little bit of a short arm, jab, stroke, elbow from Gabriel. Yeah, not great. Who knows what he's doing. He wouldn't have done that to Didier Drogba. Pitcheru, the contact down on the side, the attraction of watching Chelsea. Frank Lampard's been at the training ground for a couple of weeks working on his coaching badges, but isn't here today having announced his official retirement from playing yesterday. What a fantastic career. Oh... Set-up not quite right for Arsenal. Hazard buys himself plenty of time. Time to spray it wide to Moses. Trying to get Diego Costa in with another header. And it's in. And it's in. David Luiz. That's for Ligueto. Jamie Redknapp. I listened to Gary's piece before the game and thought he was spot-on about Hazard, maybe just levels dropped in the last few games, but it's been a joy to watch him today, isn't it? His levels have been so high. Everything about him. And the most amazing thing when I watch him is, you feel that he can actually do more. When he gets the ball, you want him on an all-game, because he is so talented, when he moves with the ball, he's effortless, he almost lets players off the hook, because his talent is incredible. Absolutely, I think the term world-class should be reserved for very few, and he is a world-class talent. There's no way to watch him like he has been today. His difference, the difference in big games, equals world-class. 15 minutes away. Three crucial points for Chelsea, and three chilling points lost for Arsenal. Communication down to the dugout, which is permitted through this patchline. Neil Battenfield is the man with the earpiece between the kickers, the kit man and Steve Bould, who is the senior. The coach on the bench when Arsene Wenger's not there. David Luiz. I can't help thinking that the plan of Arsenal to deal with Hazard, or the lack of attention to him... Oh, dear. It's just going south. He's been given so much space. He's been given so much space. He's been given so much space. He can't believe it, the amount of space he's had today. To operate in. Here's Welbeck, eager to show that he's back in full working order. No better stage to try and show that. If he can get Arsenal back in with a chance of at least getting a point. The goal would be interesting. He's given a little bit of something to Arsenal, Manny Welbeck. THEY CHANT Here's Alexis Sanchez. Still going. Headed by Welbeck! Good reach by the angular Courtois. I think it's a comfortable one for Courtois, but nothing to say about it. He's got to say that when your team does require... your goalkeeper is a good one, a very good one, he pushes it away from Giroud, he's waiting. Mustafi! Oh... That's a better chance. The Welbeck header was difficult for him, he was not at the pace of the ball, but this one... Six yards out. Gets a good contact, Mustafi. It's his favourite run, too, as he scored against Burnley. With a near post header. Monreal. That was a belated reaction from Atkinson, but I think he might have been right that he got through Danny Welbeck to get the ball. Victor Mourises. Yeah, it was a foul. Here's Diego Costa, coming to get room on the counter attack. As they're keeping pace with him. And he's just waiting in the middle if Costa can... dig out a cross. In the end, there wasn't quite the path for it. Most decisive. He must have got frustrated with himself, Diego Costa. They are so important, players in teams, even at this level, players who come off the pitch having not scored, even if their team has won, and feeling that they haven't done their job. It's only the most single-minded of men that feel like that. He's one of them. He's certainly in that mode, I think, at the moment, Costa. You can see it in his face and his expression. Conte in the back, it's Marcus Alonso, and he didn't quite get there because Gabriel drove Robbie away from him. Come on, come on! Hey, hey! Hey! Willian is hugely involved for Antonio Conte. Come on, come on! Sometimes starter... and sometimes sub. And here's Moses. Decent pressure on the ball from Arsenal. Chelsea have still got to play the majority of the relegation candidates at home. They'll be fighting for their lives. Manchester City have still got to come here. Next weekend, they're away to Burnley, where they have a wonderful home record, Chelsea the host. They still have to go to Manchester United, and Everton, who of course have put Manchester City to the sword. They'll still have to go to West Ham, where they've been knocked out of the League Cup this season. Matic. Monreal in the way. Although you might want to write off Arsenal after this game, Gary. There's no title decider for Chelsea. There's a lot of battles still to be fought. No, there is a long way to go. But I think for a team and a club, I would think, that are growing in confidence... ..from Arsenal's point of view, there's got to be a lot of players who've been through this type of journey over the last few years, who haven't got the experience of winning the league. They've won the first one, didn't quite fancy the second one. If it was to stay like this, it's a tough play-out. If it was to stay like this, you can't think there'll be many Arsenal players going home tonight thinking, we're going to win this league, we'll get back into it. Because they haven't got the experience of doing so. Long-time assistant for Primorac, alongside the Arsenal manager. APPLAUSE Substitution put on hold, there's Diego Costa again. Prepared to attack the ball, not once but twice. Good work by Oxlade-Chamberlain. Comes out of Chelsea's right. Hazard. He's got Nemanja Matic up with him, who's never scored a goal for Chelsea, it's Dan for Bridge. He might be sensing an opportunity to be in on a break here. Fabregas and Willian still waiting to be introduced to Chelsea. And now the changes will happen. Pato, his way to Willian. Even the little things, Pedro there just before, knowing he was going to substitute, he run 15 yards the other side of the pitch to make it a longer walk-off and waste some time. That's hard-off as well. Plenty of appreciation for Pedro, but for Eden Hazard, a standing ovation. Nothing better than the appreciation of your teammates. Even that. And now, the manager. They're still probably with added time, 10 minutes to go in this game. And I suppose the counter-attack now becomes a lot less of a threat from Chelsea with Hazard and Pedro going off. But Arsenal could get back into this game and get one goal. Yes, they're thinking a little premature, the bows and the bouquets there. I'm surprised that Hazard's come off. I have to say that to still have that counter-attack option, they've got to put through him. I think from Arsenal's point of view now, it could, Chelsea could invite them forward. If you're an Arsenal defender, you'd certainly be relieved. Ursel. And now, Master Leclerc. Gabriel. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. Sanchez. I don't think the substitutions reflect that he thinks the game's won, but especially after midweek when he took off Hazard and then you get the penalty and obviously they miss it because the chance to hit is on Martin. I'll come back to you. There you go. That's some of the screen. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Against his old club, not too fond with the celebrations. But they've had some indignities here at Arsenal in recent years, and here's another one. And it's been delivered to Chelsea by a former Chelsea star, and scored by a former Arsenal captain. It just makes the back day even worse. Looks innocuous enough to shock up Kupeticek and Fabregas' composure. Oh, dear Arsenal. Kupeticek, unlike him, to make mistakes of that nature. Then he chases after the ball to make the mistake worse. He's an open net, he's still got a bit to do, Fabregas, but he's the type of player who's got the composure, the control, to be able to execute it, and he does. A sinking feeling for a top-class goalkeeper, and no-one's immune from errors though. And for Arsenal... All that's left for Arsenal here is to get a goal, which they haven't done in their last three visits. And haven't too often looked like getting today. Here goes Diego Costa, who's still got this voracious appetite. On to Willian. Arsenal get back. Well... Just looking to the Arsenal fans to my left, most of them, a lot of them have decided that's enough. Seeing Fabregas score is unbearable for them, a lot of them have walked out and you can't blame them. Yes. Zouma. Oh, Victor Moses. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, there's no better way to put to bed a 3-0 defeat than come up with a 3-0 victory. Yeah. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE But... I have to say... THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY START arguing THEY CHANT THE DIRECTION THEY CHANT THE DIRECTION THE DIRECTION THEY STAND SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING SHAKING And to add to that, when they write the history of half of the Wenger years, there will be quite rightly so much praise, but to get yourself into trouble and get banned in a time where the fixture list includes a vital game like this one... Disputing what was clearly a penalty... Doesn't help, does it? Yes! Yes! Yes! And I never want to look back to yesteryear, but you can't help seeing... This is that play-out. Chelsea want more, and why not? Fabregas, not sure how much more he wants. And a looping header from Marco Alonso, doesn't quite loop enough. No, when you think of a spine of Adams and Keown or Vieira and Petit that really could have handled a game like today against the Pacers, it's a game that's going to be a real challenge for them. It's a game that's going to be a real challenge for them. A powerful, strong Chelsea team, but a million miles away from that in terms of their... ability to have that type of performance. They haven't just got enough meat in the team to be able to deal with it, it's just the power and the strength and the shrewdness, the ability to play big games and understand that you have to stop the opposition playing. You have to stop the opposition playing football, and this Arsenal team for five or six years just don't seem to pay enough attention to it. They're not going to be able to do it. They're not going to be able to do it. And the cross-capital comparisons with Chelsea are not pleasant. And they could get worse here. Diego Costa has forged another opening he once won himself, of which we've been stressing. He still hasn't got one. It's been a difficult day for Costa. Would have been a big moment for him. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Man of the match, Gary. Well, just talked about Arsenal, but I have to say, to see a really good side, which is what I'm watching here in Chelsea, they're a good side, they're good to watch, they do all the things that you would want from a team in terms of being able to win in a different way, and he is a shining light, Eman Hazard. True world-class player on his day, and he's been brilliant today. And they've got a goal from Olivier Giroud. A constant... A consolation prize, no more than that. Their first here for four years. He is good at that, Giroud. I have to say, I think Courtois should do better. He gets a good hand on it, he'll be disappointed with it, but he's good at getting across the near post, and he does. It's low down to his right, Courtois. When he watches it back after the game, he'll be thinking, oh, no, that's one I should be saving. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. It's a consolation goal for Arsenal. Fabregas. Cech is now just about holding after the mishap a couple of minutes ago. I think we all can guess who that is directed at. Yeah, but he's an idiot, that guy. You know, Alson Bengt is a good guy. That guy. That guy. banger in a second from that guy's an absolute idiot i have to say barcelona doesn't deserve that you know obviously the arsenal fans disappointed but to preempt it by bringing a banner into the ground it's a joke and remember the consistency of finishing in the top four might not be acceptable to arsenal fans but the alternative might be that you'll end up below those positions sanchez trying to keep it alive well think about changing your manager maybe that you end up not in the top four for a few seasons and that actually what arsene wenger is achieving is fantastic so be careful and the idea of fans bringing banners into games before the game even starts and thinking about it since arsenal won the league there have been 12 completed seasons in those 12 seasons chelsea finished above arsenal 10 times not last season and martin it's well back it'll be devastating for arsenal fans those types of statistics however chelsea spent a lot more money i would imagine in that period and arsenal had built a new ground and also built a new ground i know that arsenal fans are probably sick of hearing that argument but the reality is it costs it's the truth yeah it costs i thought he was reaching for the wallet but uh just the phone just texting and hazard saying the bolts free this week yeah he's got one for each of the players hasn't he how long so started it all off so i'll give that one to you yes yes well then let's see how the play there that this is where most quality play has come from i've been playing a lot of so here we go with a slightly better view than the Arsenal manager and Marcus Alonso getting forward straight away down the left-hand side Antonio Conte admitting he was shocked by the first half when these two sides met at the Emirates in September, Arsenal scored three without reply and they remain the only team that Chelsea have not scored against this season I did the piece before the game on Oxlade-Chamberlain and midfield playing alongside Coquelin I think if you look at how Arsenal have set up, Coquelin's playing in a deeper role in midfield with the Wolves, Oxlade-Chamberlain in front and Ozil's over to the left so they're playing a 4-3-3 Arsenal change of shape, Marcin Wenger and it's Gary Cahill Arsenal with a chance to complete a league double over Chelsea for the first time since they were last champions, the Invincibles, the 0-3-0-4 season, they must have won the league four times since then and the Oxlade-Chamberlain is going to push on towards Matic, he's going to leave a big space for Hazard in that pocket with Alonso out on his left hand side risky from Courtois, very risky, Ozil's in, Sancho is waiting in the middle, Ozil couldn't quite get the ball under control and had the shot that now belongs to Iwobi which is deflected just wide, he was the Arsenal scorer against Watford on Tuesday it's a big chance, Courtois trying to play out from the back makes a real mess of it, Luis slips Kante tries to get out to Iwobi, he rung first, he has a really good chance early corner for Arsenal taken away by Diego Costa, directed by Berin Khashoggi still waiting in the middle Chelsea can break, it's a well-run by Kante typically and here's Pedro got Hazard just inside and it's the Chelsea corner to attack after a quick break from defending one it was a quick break, good from him breaking up play at the edge of the box and finding Hazard and Pedro on the far side two against one, in the short corner, Pedro can't get it in, finds that it was blocked by Oxlade-Chamberlain that's where he started with another Chelsea corner it's a quick start from both sides so only wanting to put Theo Walker out on the short corner so they've changed and just started to join into support they've moved the second one out this time they're set up with their zonal defending, one or two bits of marking going on individually primarily the zones this one is really the pinching point if we have the context another header there and he scored his very first Arsenal goal again Chelsea can he reach 100 against the same opponent tonight that's a different 99 that he's on as well an elbow, Martin Atkinson, who is not a referee who goes looking for trouble, wasn't looking for anything there. That's why he's such a good referee, he's very experienced. Cahill, challenged by Walcott, Walcott up against Cahill, Sanchez up against David Luiz, and Ozil up against Aspilicueta, interesting. Yeah, I think if you look at Arsene Wenger's interview with Jeff Shreves yesterday, he talked about Kante and Matic also being a big influence, he's pointing towards something there, Arsene Wenger, but he's put Iwobi and Oxlade-Chamberlain right up against Matic and Kante. Here's Iwobi. A couple of hours playing like a sweeper in midfield. Chelsea have won six of the last seven here in the league against Arsenal, including the last four. Over four years now since Arsenal last scored in this fixture here at Stamford Bridge. That was Walcott too. Mustafi. Oxlade-Chamberlain, a long backer. Alongside Coquelin there. He should get a lot of the ball, Coquelin, he should be able to dictate the game in that role there. This ball is aimed for Walcott. Deleore, Casper drops back on him, that is. Well the top six. Only Manchester City won their midweek match. Frustrating for Arsenal, who will look like a home win against Watford. But they were excellent. Lars Molesser. That's for the Qwento. Moses. the first goals they conceded in the opening 15 minutes of any Premier League game this season and they conceded two of them. Pedro, Azar or Diego Costa. Walcott. Little catch up. And here's Matic. Azar. Sanchez. Making good ground. Flag is up against Speedy Walcott. Had he been level then or onside he might have been able to race through on goal. That was really good from Sanchez. Really good. Keep a high line there Chelsea. Hold a good line. Kante. Azar. Reaches Moses. There's a pat with his left foot. Matic might have done the same but chose not to. Pedro. Nice forward. Back in numbers. Now Cahill to come forward. Azar. Let's get an early word from Jamie Redknapp. It's got a great feel to it. I know Gary often talks about big games that you want them to be tight, tense. This is really open. I think Arsenal started extremely well because none of us quite knew what effect the result against Watford would have on them. But so far they've started well. Interested in midfielders. Obviously an area where I've played and I think Oxlade-Chamberlain up against Matic and Iwobi against Kante is an area where I'm really looking forward to seeing how that one pans out. Good opposition. But Chelsea look comfortable in their own skin defensively. But that big chance for Arsenal. If they keep getting the ball into the right areas, they can cause Chelsea back freezing problems. No doubt. I agree with that. I like the speed of the first ten minutes of the game. I think that Coquelin is going to have to be good on the ball. He's going to get a lot of it. Even he was an injury doubt. He had a tight hamstring. And Ozil passed Tewi. That's a good one. He was a bit of a cross yesterday. And here is Ozil. By Matic. Moses. What a solid little challenge by Koscielny. He's taken the wind out of Diego Costa's side. But Moses had a good wind behind him. No, Koscielny is quick and Coquelin covers the ground well. But Moses is pulling away from him. Coelny is complaining about his challenge. He seems to go through the back of him a little bit. He did. Took the knee. Moses powering forward. I have to say that Chelsea would have the advantage on set pieces. Matic, Luiz, Alonso, Keogh. Costa obviously now. Just going to join them. Cahill coming in. Chance. It's a big chance. And he's good in the air, Gary Cahill. The opposition box. Free header. In his efforts to keep the header down. But it's too much. Scored in the last two home Premier League games against Stoke. And somewhat contentiously against Hull. Only because with that collision with Ryan Mason. I think the medics would have felt that he may. Or he should have been withdrawn from the game at that early stage. He scored very late on. And to be fair to the Chelsea side of it. There's been no nasty repercussions. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. And he's got the ball. He's got the ball. Here's Mustafi. Here's Mustafi. Here's Mustafi. Oh, it was straight from Moses. And Sanchez almost did a couple of, you might say, casual moments from Chelsea early on. Maybe nervy moments. Maybe nervy moments. Just trying to show a bit of composure. Hit to Moses and nod it back. Charles Guilopetta. Harry, you won the titles over and over again. A better position at this stage. Being this number of points. Did you enjoy playing catcher? I think it worked and failed both ways over the years. I think it worked and failed both ways over the years. What I would say is looking at Chelsea at the moment, particularly if you look at a game like Liverpool in the midweek, they weren't at the best yet still could have and should have won with that penalty. And I think that they're displaying all the hallmarks of a team that don't look like they're going to make mistakes. We were talking about it before the game. The biggest danger to Chelsea is Hazard or Luiz at the cost of injury. Luis Pedro is having a terrific season. He couldn't fight speed. Hazard. Pedro again. Very revealing interview with Thierry Henry. Talking about working it onto his right foot. Into Diego Costa! And it's forked in in the end by Marcus Alonso. And it's forked in in the end by Marcus Alonso. Chelsea haven't started in their most stylish way. But they lead in the 13th minute. But they lead in the 13th minute. Marcus Alonso chips in again. Marcus Alonso chips in again. Well, it's fantastic football. Well, it's fantastic football. Good movement initially down that right hand side. But just taller, stronger, fantastic cross. Costa's header is fantastic. It brings the ball back. Costa's header is fantastic. It brings the ball back. It's just a height thing, an aggression thing. Alonso versus Monreal against Bellerin, Surrey. He's absolutely no chance. He's just bigger than him, stronger than him. He's absolutely battered him. He's nearly put him into the back of the net at the same time. It typifies where these two teams are at. It typifies where these two teams are at. Bellerin there. It's a backbreaker. And a goal for Chelsea. Well, strangely, he was the player, maybe not strangely, but he was the player who changed the formation at Arsenal when he was brought on in the second half when they went to a back three. And, uh, from that moment of adversity it's become strength after strength after strength. And from left wing back, he's now scored four goals in the Premier League this season. he's now scored four goals in the Premier League this season. And this is an important one to psychologically, as well as on the scoreline, get the advantage over Arsenal. Right, that's it. Well, I have some sympathy for Bellerin. He had no chance there. Alonso had the run in. He needed a keeper, really. He needed Petr Cech. But I'm not sure Petr Cech knew where the ball was. If you just watch Petr Cech, If you just watch Petr Cech, I'm a little lucky. The first header's fantastic. You watch Petr Cech, he's on the floor. He can't get up quick enough. Bellerin's absolutely no chance. Well, he's lost two headers. Hector for Bellerin. He lost the first one to Costa, and the second one to the scorer, Marcus Alonso. The only thing he can do there as a smaller player playing at full-back is somehow try and barge the player before he comes in to halt his run. And Bellerin doesn't do that. And Conte looks like he wanted to head it himself. And head injuries, of course, came very much to the fore the last time Chelsea played here in the Premier League against Hull. And Ryan Mason coming to be stretched off. Not quite so serious for Hector Bellerin. And Gabriel, who has been playing it right back, might be needed in this early stage. I would think he's more winded than a head injury. I mean, the way he landed on his back isn't particularly pleasant. He's going to come off Bellerin. And he got absolutely battered off Alonso. Alonso did the right thing. That's all you would do there. The goal was there. But it was Merce, and he took it. And the movement from Chelsea took the two centre-backs out of the centre of the goal and exposed Bellerin in the back post. He's one of those centre-backs. Castellani. Walcott taking on Alonso and Kehoe. And Alonso had a corner. It's still down to ten men. And here's Bellerin. He's out. And Alonso has taken a corner. Gabriel is now ready. And now certainly one to get him on to attack this set-piece. And he comes on into a fixture in which he was sent off the last time it was played. Another corner. Looking for the near post area again. And maybe yet again. Costa got his head to it. Knocked back by Kokela. Couldn't keep it down. That was a difficult one for him to control. Brails on. Because of the injury. It takes a little bit of a crack in the face. But he lands terribly as well. We'll see it here. It's an elevation use of the arms by Alonso. To get to the ball rather than anything. Sinister. I can't support giving a foul for that. But he's got to go for it. He's got to generate his arms. Here's Diego Costa. They're in again. Hit the net again. That's good from Chelsea again. A half turn from Pedro. It's really good. Has to really try and fire it across goal. Diego Costa. Check if the near post is covered. He's driving well defensively this time. Alright so black разм시면 it. continuation will come if that's turned to this kind of catch. Tommy who's off the mark unfortunately here. And here comes and example actual of this 14 when you out. Pedro kept in by Moses Arsenal had to start it pretty well whether they can maintain attitude now they're gonna go behind tested their mentality we're gonna push up the pitch they're gonna pressurize Chelsea get against Kante and Matic in midfield Ozil and Walcott push on against the wider centre-backs put the goal just knocked them off the stride a little bit setback before Christmas with midweek and the following weekend defeats back to back the end of this game lost out to Everton and Manchester City in quick succession Alonso not a full international for Spain yet Marcus Alonso's father was capped his grandfather was capped comes from a proper bloodline to play for his country goes up Jamie Redknapp your thoughts on the goal well I just want to have a look at St Quilley and it's Theo Walcott is the man I want to look at he can see there you Marcus Alonso alarm bells have to be ringing you can see Bellerin here he has Diego Costa Mustafi has to track that run by Eden Hazard he's got a great cross and also a wonderful header Theo Walcott has to do more he has to track Marcus Alonso it's a brave header and that's the value of playing wing backs now obviously with him going off Gary I can see a huge problem you've now got Gabriel playing right back it was a position you know well he's going to have Alonso Hazard against him I can only see more problems down this right hand side for Arsenal yeah they've lost the goal they've disrupted more than that with the loss of Bellerin it's a good point but it's maybe what you'd expect from Arsenal central midfield players and wide players they're not disciplined enough and robust enough and resilient enough to see the danger I think Graeme's mentioned it in the studio before the game about sensing danger and they're not switched on that way it's not the way they think and I think their thoughts going into this game watching them in the first 10 minutes of Arsenal very progressive very proactive going forward but when the big moments come in their own box really matters proceeding early I figured twice at home to Watford on Tuesday there actually wasn't a choice as a centre-back when they switched it at Arsenal they played right wing back and they moved Ivanovic in for a 35-minute spell but when he picked up a starting line-up at Hull for the next game Antonio Conte probably surprised a lot of observers at that game and maybe Espilicueta himself but he was the right of three in the middle of the defence and that's where he stayed Alonso off goes Hazard across comes Mustafi untidy tangle at best yellow card for Mustafi at worst just watch it and Hazard here is a little look at Mustafi there that little look and thinks I'm gonna do you and he does he knows he's just gonna poke it past him and Mustafi just hacks him down he's got a dead leg Hazard he's not got up yet that might have been his problem at Liverpool as well so whether that's on the same spot well it will have been a sore one but it's not going to be a sore one for him if he gets him on the side of that thigh how difficult to recover from Mustafi he's carrying a lot more weight than him as well he sees a bit of pain but how are still I mean on the goal the two centre-backs get caught out of position there Mustafi is getting drawn out towards Hazard a little bit more at the contact yeah the side of the thigh they are they can be very sore one thing you think about this Chelsea team you asked about the championship side before they're shrewd they're wise that little look from Hazard there knowing that Mustafi is going to rush towards him big danger for Petr Cech left-hand side of the screen seeing that just trying to get a view in by Pedro achieving done by Matic Moses that's by Conte Hazard is back on and walks the ball and gets it hopefully an amazing aroma just showed me guys like this I mean you could see the he couldn't hold it it was not a goal much better no corner it wasn't oh what was that chilling oh that's what you need that's what you mean Hazard goes on not quite down the right slot for him promising from Chelsea again the goal's really got them into the groove yeah that's been brilliant since the goal and Hazard linking with Costa it's always better than Hazard when he tries to penetrate and run through that left hand channel rather than just staying on the ball and looking good in deeper areas he is the most fouled player in the Premier League and he's very proud of that for him it's a barometer of how he's hurting the opposition even though he gets hurt a few times himself here he is again he's lost Walcott in by Matic I have to say Arsenal sending one out on short corners against Hazard I don't care how good a defender you are you can put the best defender in the world out there you need two people up against him because he'll do you one on one quite a few times out of ten is that good? the change of direction in such a short space is fantastic Pedro built on similar lines I think he was quick then but Martin Atkinson didn't and he did a free kick to Arsenal now they still haven't been able to get Sanchez and Ozil into the game yet two match winners the two best players two ball continuals a case of no bloody turn Antoni Sarkozy De Gea Agir Esse Azure Betsy Kane Jeremy Brewer Mat 될 Adam Folks Inland Re dragon 龚 Austin Bizet Samuel Scot David fi Naples S 있으면 INTERCOM IN protected way Ṍ T i T local combat CO給 And soon as Arsenal's full-backs go forward, sprint forward, Pedro and Hazard, you see them there in your picture, just either side of Kante and Matic, and they're in great positions to counter-attack against Arsenal's centre-backs. Gabriel. Sanchez. Nice ball to Oxlade-Chamberlain. He had really walked off the try and find. Now Monreal. Iwobi. Ozil. Ozil. A lot of inner drive, Alex Iwobi. Soto. There's another who comes from Africa and has been brought up in England, Victor Moses. Both had the chance to play for England. And what Chelsea are not afraid to do is just drop off into that shape, that 5 and that 4, and be quiet. They're going to be deep. Not all the space in behind them. Iwobi again. That is the chance for a quick break, but it was ruined by a slice from Diego Costa. And that was that position from Hazard. If Costa there just takes a little bit more care, Hazard's in 1v1 versus Mustafi. Monreal blocked off by Moses. He's gone for the return pass. He really needs to make the challenge. Moses. That's because Gueto was covering the run behind him. That's a chance. Just keep going. You don't need to mouth it. You don't need to mouth it. Just keep going. Come on. Good job. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Arsenal long overdue a goal at Stamford Bridge. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's not good enough. Counter-attack time as well. Hazard. Drives it through for Costa. They've got men over here, Chelsea. Costa didn't quite get his head up in time to reflect on that. That's a release hit. Pedro. It was two touch from Costa. He should be disappointed with himself. First touch should be with his right, and then the pass across to Pedro. Who's through? And Arsenal are all at sea on the counter-attack again. One, two, and in. Pedro's there. It's had support from Costa. They just set up to counter-attack on like you wouldn't believe. And how Arsenal, in such a big game, can get themselves exposed like they are with the two centre-backs. They need to be more solid than that. Or than this, should I say. There's Gabriel. Powerful play from Alex O'Claire-Chamberlain. A couple of catches in quick succession for Courtois. Top of his reach, which is considerable. He's got a yellow card against Watford for simulation. But it looks as though there was definitive contact on him that turn. Yeah, there was in my sense. I think it's less likely to get away with that one. Quite good at giving fouls away, Chelsea. Breaking up play. It's a little bit cynical, that one. Here's Sanchez. The family thing. Precious little. So far. So far. That's our back defender. Conte. We've got Conte again. There's Marcos Alonso. Pays it in low. That's just suited. Pedro's concentrating on hitting the target. And didn't seem to get Pettichek a particularly difficult problem. But in the end, it was awkward for him. No, it was a comfortable one for Pettichek. I think it was the spin. He just takes it out of his hands. He looks at the screen to work out what went wrong. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. Pettichek. It was good work from Khashoggi. He was in a real pressure from Costa. It's Conte covering, typically. The Ozarks, who will feel. He's only lost six Premier League games. Three of them against the Gunners. Remember, when he did the double over Leicester last season. Here's Hazard. Tina. Alonso feeding it in, they get it back in, no, Pedro turns away and wins another corner. Chelsea in command. We're getting too much joy, Chelsea. The first premise of any big match is you've got to stop the opposition playing. Arsenal, I'm sorry, just don't do that. They allow you to play. It may not be a premise, Gary, but it is a factor. Getting the second goal, they're looking for it here. And three by Moses. Lovely cross too. This time. Here's Matic. A bit of juggling. Look where Sanchez is having to defend. A tough gig for him so far. CHEERS That's the only... The winning ball back really well, Chelsea. Unfairly that time. Free-kick taken quickly and accurately. And Ozil for Walker is just starting to open up momentarily. His first touch. Cross in front of him. Which is too far. He was through Theo Walker. CHEERS That's good from Courtois. Really good. CHEERS Has out. Slipped. CHEERS CHEERS That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Just feel Gary Arcel got a dig in here. Very... Leads to them. Just one-nil down at half-time. If they can improve on that, so much the better for them. Maybe a chance to do that here. There's no doubt Arcel. He's got a bit of talent in the players. They can create moments in the match. But he's just frightened to death every time Chelsea attack. Or counter-attack. CHEERS Played Chamberlain. CHEERS CHEERS CHEERS And Wilcock more through the middle. And Sanchez has come out to the right-hand side. CHEERS CHEERS Chieers Drifting in now. Ozil. CHEERS Gabriel. He's been a lot more central as well, Ozil. He's got 15 minutes. Let's talk about that. Delivered. Flammable ball. AWarla gets one. OK. Wherever. OK. Flammable ball. Yah. It's come his way while window comes back up. No chance. Yeah, let's take a look at the SEC artık. Monaco. Is that the AC paid their last two shots? They're coming in. and the Arsenal 12 headed goals in the Premier League this season Sanchez's pass, Wilcock a little bit of pressure from Arsenal he doesn't make his way from one side to the other Diego Costa's got the job in there he seems to be the one to have a free licence to tack the ball if it's anywhere near the centre near to the goal area he does get a lot of contact, Diego Costa he is the free man go short Kokela might have gone on then but gives it back to Ozil offside Chamberlain and there could have been another heavy goal for the Gunners back for Thibaut Courtois what a chance for Gabriel we don't come out together Chelsea the line's broken for once they're not organised at the back they're a little bit late he has to put the foot to the back post Kokela his head of Gabriel is straight at Courtois Pedro Diego Costa it's a scare for Chelsea that's what I mean about the second goal yeah it's a real scare it's a big chance for Gabriel big chance Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela positives よね P rare kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela Kokela palavra ồ ven се upset captain these days with John Terry not being in the team, Gary Cahill. That was good from Gary Cahill. This is the chance. See that Chelsea back line cut out together. He just has to put it either side of Courtois, but it's straight at him. Couldn't be easier for him to save. He should have been picking the ball out the back of the net. Jamie Redknapp, what have you got for us? I was just about to say, before the two Arsenal chances there, this is almost like watching a team that's well-drilled, well-organised in Chelsea and another team in Arsenal that were just purely playing off the cuff. But this is how quickly it can turn. That little bit of belief now. They're just starting to pick up a couple of good areas. I'll just hold on one second there. And then they're just starting to get that confidence in their party. They've got to feel their way into this game, Arsenal, because they will get chances. There are chances there, and especially from set pieces. I've just noticed a couple of times that Chelsea aren't marking anyone. It's on the edge of the box. And they've found Oxlade-Chamberlain. If you can get in that position a little bit more, they might get a bit of joy. Just 1-0 down, five minutes to go to half-time. And day three of four for Arsene Wenger from the touchline. Terrific start to the Premier League weekend, which carries on later today. And, of course, on Sunday, Manchester City against Swansea, and Leicester against Manchester United. Double offerings for you on Sky Sports. Given away by Gabriel Matic. Contact. Pedro. Pedro. Nice dummy. By Hazard. The ball back from Pedro wasn't quite on the money. Now they're just going to play close together, those three. Herzl. It won't be. It won't be. They don't get in there without winning. Yes, they do. Yes, they don't the centre of the flash points. Last time, Arsenal were here and picked up a retrospective ban. Been on his best behaviour so far. Had a big part in the goal. Sanchez. Iwobi. That was better for Arsenal, a little bit more control. Day after day, Antonio Conte and Matrana are out there working on this shape, and that's defensively as well as the attacking side of it. I would say more than most teams in the Premier League. Good chance again. Costa should have played Pedro in about ten minutes ago. Pedro should have played Costa in there. Head in hands moment. Again, that little counter-attack in those little narrow positions that Pedro and Hazard are taking, fantastic. And he's through there. It's all taken amicably this time. I remember at Tottenham, there was a bit of a row between the two of them. I think that would be my biggest concern at half-time. Maybe it's Cotland or someone's got to try and prevent that counter-attack and get across to where Hazard and Pedro are on the side of the ball, because... three or four times it really could have happened and the game could have been out of sight, but for a stray pass. Arsene Wenger has a journey to make down to the dressing room in this main stand. GOAL WHISTLE CHEERS Tied it up by Gabriel. There's some wenger heads down to the bench. Let's see this play out. I think overall, they'll be happy to get in at 1-0. Could have been worse. They started OK, Arsenal. The goal certainly knocked some of the stuffing out of them for a period, but they dug in again since. What they desperately don't want is to concede a second in the Saturday time before half-time. They had that Gabriel chance, which could have made it better for them. But you can't help thinking for about 15 minutes they really were on the ropes. Still got four minutes to go because of the Bayerian injury. Mostly. Matic. Chelsea ball. Javi Luis who came up with that impromptu moment at Anfield on Tuesday. Chelsea, their goal against Liverpool. Here's Iwobi. Mane, Mane, Mane, Mane. Monreal. Chelsea snapping at Arsenal heels again. The North London club still persistent. Mane. Recently incidentally losing his back leg to the league makings. Farley Kobe겠다 الطłapalm n conference 드paił. cima At iew имеется Kuzmini. It's over here. Here it goes. Bro��들이. Aquí está reactions can blownین. 5'10 users today, which is no coincidence. of that. Now Iwobi and now Monreal, but they're short of numbers in the middle. Walcott is there, Kocala goes to the pass and it's certainly not a bad one. Ozil lining it up. And Arsenal come on strong with another chance. There is a good chance. I mentioned that they're happy to get it at 1-0. They've had two good chances. The surprise for me is that Ozil goes for the near post. I thought he'd gone to set it out into the far corner where the gap was. But he's gone for it. He's gone for it. He's gone for it. That gives Arsenal a little bit of confidence going into half-time. There are moments there for them, along with the dangers. Anxiety from the home supporters. Chelsea lose the ball again in their own half. Alexis Sanchez. That's a bit of breathing space here. Foul by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. That's what they have to do, Arsenal. That ball gets popped out towards Hazard and they're away. Field players have to get back in quickly. That's what they have to do, Arsenal. That's what they have to do, Arsenal. That's what they have to do, Arsenal. That's what they have to do, Arsenal. Matic. That was onside. That was onside. That was onside. A late first-half corner for Chelsea. A late first-half corner for Chelsea. He's got to stop complaining to staff. He's got to make sure his team don't concede that second goal. This would be a killer blow. This would be a killer blow. Come on, guys! Short at the corner, Hazard. Off to himself again. And Pedro will have him over the grounds as he goes off, maybe. And Pedro will have him over the grounds as he goes off, maybe. It has been raining quite heavily in London this morning. It has been raining quite heavily in London this morning. It has just slipped. Half-time.