The big weekend that climaxes with the titanic clash of Liverpool and Manchester United on Monday begins with the meeting of its last two champions Leicester, the surprise winners back in May but they haven't won a point on the road since their one-all draw here when they were given a guard of honour having already clinched the title The fixture list hasn't exactly been kind to his team in terms of those challenges away from home but you'd want to see a much more disciplined performance than we did at Old Trafford when they really went to pieces having conceded three or four goals, Leicester There's the four down at half-time in that match and Javier Ranieri's taken a different outlook in rotating his team before the Champions League match in this particular week in which there is a European commitment Here's Fuchs Ranieri's changes have come in each area One at the back, one in the middle, one up top Here is Angolo Conte Back to him from Diego Costa Pedro giving the ball away to Daniel Amati and it's Fuchs who gets rid of it for Leicester in their change to have read today Cesar Azpilicueta again on the right and a back three with Gary Cahill occupying the other side of David Luiz Yeah, much different task for those defenders something that I'm sure they would have worked on in the short time they've had on the training ground this week but before that, before the whole game maybe we'll stick with it, Conte, we'll wait and see but I think it's just a show-up, stop conceding goals in the way that they have been There is a school of thought that although the manager Conte prefers the back three it's not a system that would necessarily suit John Terry and he's on the bench again Here's Albrighton with a cross, that's cleared by Azpilicueta Fuchs Now Eden Hazard Angolo Conte and this is Luiz Cahill Azpilicueta to Victor Moses who's snapping in ahead of Eden Hazard who's drifted in from the left Hazard who's been playing in a role behind the striker for Belgium a so-called number 10 role which is apparently his preference If BIG module Hascald In drafted Can't tell you Cih nicely Adrian dri Sergio for Martinez is that probably Alec's hookting Flashback? After the free throw for Leicester, his first full time were the only style. Oh, I'll divorce you a theme Manon tried here Chelsea on the counter with that tremendous pace they've got slipped through by Costa towards Hazard and who arrived on the scene just in time Cahill Luiz Azpilicueta to Conte here's Alonso Cahill now N'Golo Conte Conte didn't get to play when the sides met in the EFL Cup at Leicester 25 days ago he was left on the bench for that one a little bit of cheering towards him from the away fans even though Ranieri on the occasion was a bit off the pitch but he was still there to help the team out of the way even though Ranieri on the occasion was a bit off the pitch but he was still there to help the team out of the way of that visit back to Leicester it called for him to be treated as a hero for the heroic party played in Leicester's title win it doesn't tend to happen these days Hazard tried to slip it out to Alonso which was the right idea but Hernandez in the way there's a nice turn from Hazard plenty of time to make up his mind Hazard looking to take on Morgan that's the delivery all wrong Hazard looking to take on Morgan that's the delivery all wrong I'm assuming that was a shot such a stark contrast between what he did for Chelsea in their title winning year and what he produced last year when he only really came to life at the end of the campaign and that eventually was to Leicester's benefit yes it was you're wondering at that point where's he been all season but uh under a new manager you'd expect him to uh at least put in the work to try and reach those goals levels again both of Belgium's wins during the international break against Bosnia and against Gibraltar here's Fuchs no longer playing international football having retired from Austria duty and this is Moses who was unavailable for Nigeria because of a hamstring problem Pedro on to Costa Moses again aiming to get the better of Fuchs Salah took a nick on its way through and snagged it Schmeichel had to get down very quickly to react yeah Christian Fuchs just sticking out a leg there which uh did make Schmeichel move his feet pretty quickly Moses impressive at Holt a couple of weeks back he did have to be on his toes for Leicester keeper well Leicester's problems at Old Trafford came from corners can they defend any better here flicked on by Matic Costa free and from the first corner he's got the ball back to Schmeichel Ideally run 2x2 Supplier that's what Leicester are after but a safe home run Tiago Xavi agle Cossi right leg Oh Fuchs it's it's it's it's just like that he fended from set pieces at Old Trafford against Manchester United and what a gift for him, what a gift for Diego Costa Well there's been much talk about with all the refereeing guidelines, Leicester having to relearn how to defend set pieces but no excuse really there for the sloppiness that allowed Costa to be left free No kind of challenge on him in the end as he just left Wes Morgan behind completely What a strange one Costa must have been surprised himself with the ease in which he did drift into space to Marti, David Luiz Costa here's Eden Hazard one breaking to his left, two to his right Morgan with the interception They must have spoke long and hard about the way the defending set pieces against Manchester United Leicester make sure it didn't happen again A very good set piece by Leicester and the way they played The soft goals they gave away and that was one of the softest I think I'll concede this season The back of the net is a perfect match for Leicester and that was one of the softest I think they'll concede this season and that was one of the softest I think Yes Hernandez Drinkwater Now Morgan and who are reliable figures on whom the foundation of Leicester's title win was built and who are reliable figures on whom the foundation of Leicester's title win was built but they've become far too generous this season especially from corners I guess Pedro now Moses Costa and Hicks concedes another corner and surely they will have to organise themselves better this time and he's the man that does the organising along with Robin Hood so he'll be gutted so he'll be gutted That one is cleared by Danny Drinkwater Danny Drinkwater Danny Drinkwater Here's David Luiz Here's David Luiz Cahill Cahill Only two only two Now N'Golo Kante venturing forward Chance for Pedro perhaps Hoops held him up and Huth tied it up behind Hoops held him up and Huth tied it up behind A little sloppy from Pedro actually A little sloppy from Pedro actually Good ball in from Kante who seems to get forward a bit more for Chelsea than he did at Leicester than he did at Leicester Ah Come on He's got an M second in He's got a speed Mark on bright Mark on bright Mark Mark Mark Mark Here's Matic Now Kante Alonso Alonso Pedro furthest forward here Pedro furthest forward here Great run from Pedro to offer a pass Great run from Pedro to offer a pass there Slaghton, Eden Hazard Slaghton, Eden Hazard Away by Morgan but Leicester facing real difficulties Leicester facing real difficulties Chelsea here Alonso Not enough on that to find Hazard But Drickwater can't bring it clear Alonso won it back And it's off Hernandez for the throw Yeah got the tails up Chelsea pushing for the second here Really dangerous spell for the visitors Really dangerous spell for the visitors David Luiz David Luiz David Luiz David Luiz David Luiz Open would I dip for it David Luiz Lovely touch to Hazard Lovely touch to Hazard presses uses post beating out the earliest kickoff of the day it's Chelsea who've woken up the quicker here Leicester a bit more like it now in defending those last two corners since the one that opened up Claudio Ranieri's side in which Nemanja Matic played his part with the flick on to Costa the scorer away by Albrighton Cahill here's David Luiz and there's long reaching balls that doesn't reach Alonso on this occasion so it was a cross for Nemanja Matic It was soft he was there to take it when Matic gets the touch at the near a little flick but look how easy he just drifts off Where's Morgan, got to get that knee over it make sure he keeps it down if he does that he knows the fair chance he'll score seventh goal of the season for Diego Costa Luis Chelsea playing it about with real confidence now Conte Azpilicueta Cahill aims to reach Moses now Conte Pedro trying to flick there's a bit of a swagger about Chelsea they've made their life so much more comfortable those Chelsea lads taking the pressure off the occasion beaten by Liverpool last time at home here so there would have been a bit of doubt in the minds anxiety to put things right that was Chelsea's last home game they've lost 3 since the Liverpool defeat have all been away first opportunity to impress the Stamford Bridge faithful in over four weeks Conte Moses now David Luiz Hernandez with a header Cahill Cahill Cahill Cahill Cahill Juggles disinfected it doesn't matter f cosas Tony Cahill Cahill Cahill Cahill Caught England theốt the hot wind batteries here's Morgan it's 21 years since the reigning champions lost the first four away matches of their defence it was Blackbird Rovers Fuchs seeking out Markle Brighton room for the cross the best moment after 16 minutes for Leicester having to do a lot of chasing without the ball they have been used to that Leicester not having the majority of the ball from their title winning campaign but they've normally been able to hold out more solidly than they have been on the road this season conceded four at Old Trafford and at Anfield as well here's Aydin Hazard Conte Matic Matic Moses with the ball across Clemson cleared by Morgan only to Nemanja Matic here's Conte Pedro Moses Hazard switched to Costa Hazard again Conte this time Leicester do hold firm Will Brighton you didn't see opponents pick passes through the middle the way that Chelsen You didn't see that with Leicester last season. Obviously Conte's absence is gonna hurt them, but not getting close enough to Chelsea at all so far. Come on, Leicester! Come on, Leicester! Matic. Paz Pellequeta. Conte looking for the ball into Eden Hazard. Couldn't get the cleanest connection, but great vision from Conte to kick him out. Was in a well-timed dragon and run from Eden Hazard. Well onside, and he's just trying to hook one over Schmeichel. Not an easy one at all. They've been given the time, those Chelsea lads, to lift their heads 20 yards out. Matic! Matic! Matic! Schlepp losing out to Alonso, although he felt he was caught then in the challenge from the full-back. Costa tries to pick out Moses, read though by Fuchs. Vardy. Moussa's barely been able to get it to the game yet, and as Pellequeta stops him on this occasion. Costa turns away from Amati, stopped by Drinkwater. Matic. Picks up the pieces. And now Alonso. Go, go, go! Goal to front stretch, Leicester on the other side, it's Moses. Past Albrighton. Amati holds him up. Help here from Pedro. Goal! And he wins! Hazard. Chelsea throw. Coming second best in most challenges here, Leicester. Slipped inside Albrighton, Victor Moses far too easily. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! David Luiz. Conte. Pro ball again, Alonso. Hazard. Stevenson and plate. By Gabe Ortam. Come on, come on, come on. Fun-kissing service a foul. Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Matich seeks out Hazard Alonso Matich Alonso N'Golo Kante Kostak Kostak Fuchs launching it but that's Pellegrini there with a header now Moses space to move into closed down by Fuchs in the end that's Drinkwater going long again through that gap in the midfield to the forwards it's not easy for those forwards to hold up those long boards they're not really those type of players they're not target men the ball up has got to be spot on for them it'll be difficult to drag the ones down on the chest the likes of Azpilicueta's nibbling away Hazard lets it run and Alonso wasn't on the same wavelength as his teammate there he's showing us a different side of his game today those passes not so destructive but constructive with the way he's picking out one or two balls Kante's a very mobile manager I'm not sure he covers quite the same ground as N'Golo Kante but he must be pretty well worn in that technical area Vardy with the flick on Hazard trying to steer it back through to it cut out by Wes Morgan cut out go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go here's Matic Kante Kante Moses this is David Luiz to Gary Cahill Kante Kante Kante legend legend 95 especialist basketball football hockey logics Go Return australian goalie lions alia game accept capp récup ouck 3 n Reality Tokyo Miami SevDC Focus defence lers lonely old job for him and Lucia so far you wonder at what stage Claudio Ranieri will change his approach I mean the defending deep Leicester very deep conceding space Chelsea causing problems it's been a watertight system at the moment that's obvious looking at the score line but at 1-0 game was beyond them here still retrievable Matic who's header away Pedro keeps it alive here for Eden Hazard blocked by Fuchs cleared by Drinkwater Lucia given a chance to score a goal by Matic chance by the header from Azpilicueta but Ponte again getting back to do his defensive duty Hazard Costa looking at that Lucia on the left since we've dropped in the left of a five-man midfield Jamie Vardy even more lonely now up top damage limitation maybe till half-time for Leicester it's going to be a booking for Robert Huth the first of the match for a foul on Eden Hazard the picture tells the story a chance for Huth to leave we're not going to be able to leave it's going to be a good one for them but it's going to be a good one for them as well you've seen the three hundred lead local current giorno the her 1990 go more 对 we know the technique for these more suddenly He tries to keep low and dip over the wall. Luiz... Oh! Unlucky! Well, they got a corner out of it, they nearly had a goal. It doesn't always come off, but when it does like this, it looks spectacular. Caught it perfectly. A Brazilian. They've taken the corner short this time, and Costa bends it round towards David Luiz. Teasing Hernandez, but Chelsea win another corner at least. Luis Michael might say that he's been on target, but I've got a hand to it. It isn't far away, but a lovely effort. And away! As Cahill's header across... It was a spectacular fall in the end from Luiz. It's always worth watching, the lads. There's always something happening. Luiz around. Well, he's a player who's hard to ignore, for all kinds of reasons. Some records out there, isn't it? 11 major trophies. A very successful team here, that won Champions League and Europa League. I think he's one of those lads, he's a popular member of the dressing room. Good presence. We know his thoughts on the pitch, but... He's on the winning side here. Go, go, go! Go, go, go! There's Conte. Now Azpilicueta. Conte again. Conte shuffled by the man who's filling his role at Leicester now, Daniel Amati. This is Gary Cahill. And here's Martin... This is me. Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Matthew... Hazard... Morgan's header away. Luiz... Matthew... Go, go! Morgan in tight on Hazard. Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Marcus Alonso He has given the free kick It's just not going his way, not going Leicester's way a shirt to Andre Moana saying, and you can see there a little elbow in the face too might not have been deliberate at that but it was definitely a foul More reason for Leicester to be fearful here Alonso's kick Conte, swept to safety by Mark Albrighton No need for John Terry at the moment after his injury against Swansea that Chelsea suffered their blip in form They seem to have found a system here that suits David Luiz They hardly had to defend Two wing backs have got forward a lot and been involved heavily but that back three there had us a go on really Hazard Hester especially on the weapon hoof who can't complain He's moved the ball away anyway which is a bit of a risk for a player on a yellow card That is a risk Rookie boy He's got a good ball He's got a good ball He's got a good ball He's got a good ball He's got a good ball We are on bags in the zone They could play off pitch The Reds can't have done that He's been losing Luis Rebed Conte Matic Panamé all pouring in The man who triggered off Leicester's title party plunges them into further despair now. Well, it was a great example of how ineffective Leicester have been in defending the middle ground there. You see him slip a pass through two defenders and it really shouldn't have got this far. It really shouldn't have. But Hazard, as we saw pre-match, he scored a similar goal for Belgium, just keeping his composure to take it wide of the keeper and finish and score the goal that might well knock the stuffing out of this Leicester side. It's a big, big goal that. And a deserving one for Chelsea, there's no question. They have been totally on top of this match. Crisis, what crisis. So much for emergency meetings. They've got a great team, they've got a great team. They've got a great team. They've got a great team. Stenoff Hull in their last game, they picked up where they left off, hitting their goals earlier than they did in that game. Three-quarter. Old Brighton. And it's Greenhouse brought it back for the free kick. Even though it's possible there might have been an advantage. Old Brighton going short with the kick. Drink water, bends one around. And it's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It was that long... frontal... line, Who hit the buzzer? Out of the mood, having lost his balance. Has Costa's ball across? Matic. Lovely touch from Hazard, Nemanja Matic couldn't take it on the run. It's got shade to that game against Manchester United when Leicester really lost all their shape and discipline and heart, something that really happened last season. Chelsea all over the team that succeeded them as champions. Well, to say it's one-sided doesn't really do it justice. Leicester's difficulties may equate to Chelsea's when they were defending champions. Costa looking to get in again here. When Leicester were defending champions, they had eight points at the end of the game. This stage, a run that ultimately ended up costing Jose Mourinho his job after a loss at Leicester. Well, the team that Claudio Vaniere picked, it tells you where his priorities lie over the next few days. That was obviously with the Champions League game against Copenhagen on Tuesday. And that can sometimes send a message into the dressing room, well, this isn't quite as important, although it's Chelsea away. It's the first time in 21 years that Chelsea haven't had European football. Without that distraction, they're getting their domestic campaign back on track here. Decent touch from the manager. Not a bad player in his day. Claudio Vaniere tried to sign him when he was at Fiorentina, although he didn't come off. Here's Danny Drinkwater. Here's Danny Drinkwater. Moussa. Fuchs. Fernandes. Vardy. Luiz putting him off. him off Louise really did commit himself there going to ground on another day mark and see the penalty Hernandez he lets it run cleared by a spill a Quetta all Brighton as Pili quitter and Moses got in each other's way and as a result of that they conceded this corner that's Lester's best spell which isn't difficult but this was a good moment for them he knows Louise that hard he's got ahead of him you catch the player and you give away a penalty there but that's why with it Lester's first corner mark or Brighton the taker this kick from Alonso and Louise has to react sharply to concede another long so really not expecting expecting the ball to come as far as it did his weaker force makes a mess of it all Brighton to try his luck again but before he does that all Brighton again in towards Morgan but Courtois powerful enough with his clearance Alonso painted it off Pedro Conte 아주 managed to find Diego Costa some's up Lester a long void car that your fans have balancing falling Pedro Jimmy infiniti thirty three Gia in favour battered there he lets or ret travaillerie really show cool form here David Luiz so unlucky with his free kick from the other side Ian Alonso debating as to who this one favors it is Luiz one of those that the keeper doesn't want to take any chances with it swerve a little bit dip in front of him safety first play for another Kasper Schmeichel Moses here's Pedro and Hazard has timed his run well but Kasper Schmeichel's run from goal was timed equally well now Moses tripped by Moussa Hazard just acknowledging the pass another well-timed burst beyond Leicester's back line Cahill Hazard had anticipated the wrong side to which Costa had run Conte Pedro Moses that's good from Pedro Morgan Matic Alonso Matic Alonso Matic Hazard Matic Alonso Matic Matic Costa's touch Costa's touch all those Chelsea players have probably enjoyed this first half that's not what you want to hear if you're a Leicester player or fan or manager totally plain sailing totally plain sailing that's not what you want to hear if you're a Leicester player or fan or manager that's not what you want to hear if you're a Leicester player or manager Matic seeking out Diego Costa Matic seeking out Diego Costa it's going to be difficult for him to keep that one in it's going to be difficult for him to keep that one in it's going to be difficult for him to keep that one in and unlike N'Golo Conte Jamie Vardy spurned the opportunity to move to the so-called bigger club when he rejected Arsenal's overtures but he's cutting a frustrated figure at the moment but he's cutting a frustrated figure at the moment well I don't think any of us expected them to be challenging again but they're conceding the kind of game they're going to have to play in the next few weeks well I don't think any of us expected them to be challenging again but they're conceding the kind of game they're going to have to play in the next few weeks goals you just wouldn't expect simple lapses in concentration simple lapses in concentration from set pieces from set pieces from set pieces from set pieces here's a Matic here's a Matic Hernandez with the ball across Moussa's header always travelling away from the goal defended by Courtois defended by Courtois who turns 65 in five days time who turns 65 in five days time who turns 65 in five days time who's got another match of course before then who's got another match of course before then in contrast to their form in the Premier League they've done well in their European initiation they've done well in their European initiation 仲介 do we not choose do that virtually shoo-thru up there shoo-thru up there in their easiest group game against Daniel Amati's old club FC Copenhagen and this is practice Push through, push through. That's Pellequeta. Conte, Costa.