here it's Chelsea who've had a tight grip on this match and straight from the off Pedro's in here he's appealing for a handball and those appeals are waved away by Andre Mariner who wasn't convinced that if he did touch a hand it was intentional yeah another long ball that Leicester just cannot deal with normally a strength of theirs with those dominant centre-halves I thought he actually hit Christian Fuchs in the face might be wrong here's Amati now Danny Drinkwater Amati this is Christian Fuchs flick from Schlupp and a long ball to the right of the left wing and a long ball to the right of the right wing Fabio Ranieri keeping his powder dry in terms of substitutions although he does have Riyad Mahrez and Islam Slimani on the bench maybe the long throw from Christian Fuchs can open up this Chelsea defence who inevitably has gone forward for it here's the target for it too although it's met by David Luiz Fuchs again Drinkwater back by Hernandez Pedro was convinced he should have had a penalty for handball here but he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up he's got to keep his head up and arms come up as a way of well protecting yourself or creating a bigger barrier he's not in a natural position I think that's safe to say so could have easily been a penalty that Andre Marin on the ref is the man who came in for some criticism from Chelsea players in particular Gary Cahill after the draw against Swansea Fleetwood & фeng shui after the draw against Swansea entertainers of Chelsea players in particular Gary Cahill after the draw against Swansea David Luiz too long and Moussa nicks it away from him need a bit more of that aggression hunting down the ball here's Drinkwater managed to breeze past a couple he reaches Jeffrey Schlupp looked up by Moses nothing doing for the Leicester man I think he was always hoping for a pen here Moses definitely blocks his path he's trying to chase the ball though Moses maybe cynical block Morgan Marty now Moussa Luiz here's Danny Drinkwater just senses a bit more determination about Leicester winning one or two challenges that they didn't in the first half even though the game was beyond them at Old Trafford they did produce a bit of a spark in the second half although that's not a big deal for them but that did come from the bench when Ranieri substituted Damari Gray scored a wonderful goal here's Moses here's Moses Aspilicueta here's Aspilicueta here's Aspilicueta Chelsea have only kept two clean sheets in the Premier League this season against two of the promoted sides Burnley and Hartford against two of the promoted sides Burnley and Hartford against two of the promoted sides Burnley and Hartford and Hull and Hull by Fuchs by Fuchs Aspilicueta's header Aspilicueta's header now Pedro away by Hernandez away by Hernandez Fuchs played rather softly against Pedro Fuchs played rather softly against Pedro Pedro looking for a free kick there but the referee felt that was more of Pedro's fault than the referee's fault but the referee's fault than the referee's fault as we put down the Hole fники anglish The chief for the match Drinkwater's free kick, that hit Luiz in strongly, it's Moussa on the turn, not enough to cause a flutter for Courtois. At least they win the initial header despite Luiz's challenge, as you say not easy at all that one but might have done a bit better than that. Here's Morgan, Albrighton, Moussa trying to get the better of Azpilicueta, didn't manage to squeeze it across. There has been a response for that question from Leicester, looking much more like it now, making more of a game of it. Here's Hernandez, Amati. Drinkwater. Two against one there that they didn't use, Fuchs was on the overlap. Fuchs has retreated now but Schlupf is trying to cause a problem. Drinkwater caught by Matic but bounces straight back up, here's Christian Fuchs. In towards Albrighton. He's got the ball, he's got the ball, he's got the ball, he's got the ball. He's got the ball, he's got the ball, he's got the ball, he's got the ball, he's got the ball. He managed to find space there in a good area. There's a bit more belief to that, the visitors. Maybe some harsh words said in that dressing room at half time. They were way off the pace. Cahill. Matic. There's Azpilicueta. Conte. Alonso. Luiz. Matic. Here's Costa. And it's tackled but it breaks here for Marcus Alonso who's got three runners to his right. Again they're appealing for handball there. Hoos the dog to ground. Schlupf. Now Moussa. Drinkwater. Morty. Marti. Danny Drinkwater. Moussa. Tries to slide in Vardy but Azpilicueta anticipates. Pedro fighting hard to win it back but Moussa emerges with it and then can't execute the pass to Vardy. There were one or two half-hearted chats here for a penalty, Alonso in particular. Comes off his midriff and out the other way. Slightly more concerning second half for Antonio Conte. Here's Huth. Hernandez with the ball across, dealt with by Cesar Azpilicueta. Certainly the new defensive set-up being given a more rigorous examination now. That one finds Albrighton. Yeah, the kind of passes that Chelsea were conflicting on Leicester, but it's just a matter of time. It's just a matter of time. It's just having a go back now. Chelsea's breakthrough goal came from a corner. Can Leicester hear responding kind? Morgan, who lost his man Costa for that goal, is forward for the kick. Albrighton takes. Chelsea deal with it. Cleared by Pedro. On by Hazard. And Conte is the furthest player forward here for Chelsea. And he does. He's managed to get it through to Victor Moses. That's a really good stop from Kasper Schmeichel. What about that from N'Golo Conte? What a surge forward. And then what a pass from the midfielder that we associate with being a destroyer, a break-up of play. That's top class. Again, gets plenty behind it, Victor Moses. He was on target. He was on target. Well, Conte. He knows that that could have finished Leicester off once and for all. N'Golo Conte not renowned for his goal scoring. He only scored one in Leicester's title-winning season. But he had the vision then to pick out Moses. And Hazard here is looking to get through. But he needs some support. Arriving with Pedro. But he's found Costa. It's behind Pedro. Leicester get away with it again. And Chelsea bouncing back well, having been under pressure at the start of the second half. And then it's a goal. Yeah, maybe that just a little too casual in the play. Withdrawing, inviting Leicester up. Here's Moses. Hazard. Akron knows this, but it's a giveaway to Vardy. Here's Albrighton. Vardy. Vardy. There ahead of David Luiz. Luiz finds Alonso going with a clearance. Hazard. Losing out to Drinkwater. Now Matic. Pedro bends it round towards Costa. There goal 엄청 ken쪽에 cross is over. This move across the road is wonderful. Lisa Shoah towards Pogba. And through the line. Neto struts across the wall. Pogbaيم. Passing come from Ko Kane. Oh, that makes it through. There's reco I think Leicester just want to keep that tempo going, improve form and keep on moving forward. They are winning more challenges in the middle of the park. They are winning more challenges in the middle of the park. They are winning more challenges in the middle of the park. They are winning more challenges in the middle of the park. They are winning more challenges in the middle of the park. Different type of challenge for Leicester this year. Different type of challenge for Leicester this year. And one that they've never had before defending a title win. And one that they've never had before defending a title win. And one that they've never had before defending a title win. ..that he himself presided over. ..that he himself presided over. Albrighton Albrighton Uбу A Conte and Hazard have got him behind. Hernandez forced out a lot wider than he would have wanted. He couldn't keep it in anyway. Here's Morgan. Hernandez. Albrighton. Hooks. Albrighton. Moussa. Away by Matic. Albrighton. Hernandez. Cleared by Cahill. And Alonso sharp to get that one away to Eden Hazard. That's Chelsea's turn to sit off in those situations. We saw Leicester do it in the first half. Costa tried to bulldoze his way through. And Morgan just eases. And out of the way. Drink water. Schlupp. There's a few. There's a few. Moussa. Here's Danny Drinkwater. Hernandez. Good ball. Good game. Good ball. All across towards. Oh, it's towards Vardy. But it was actually Luiz who's now hit the post for both teams. Did it with his free kick in the first half and almost got Leicester back into the game there. But having got away with it with one end. Chelsea break at the other. Alonso. Hazard's ball in. Cleared by Danny Drinkwater. It's so open this game. So stretched. It's not something. Chelsea will want to see happen but it suits Leicester trying to get back into this match Matic Costa Matic Vardy well he had to get his foot to the ball it was good defending if a little fortunate because Vardy behind him was gonna tap this into the net and he knew that sometimes it is as a defender you just need that bit of love which he certainly got there let's just say by the way a quick apology if you've heard any bad language from our pitch side microphones here we've got a few more to go well now there's the time for Claudio Ranieri to make his move Slimani and Mahrez are the two that he's hoping might unpick the lock Moses drink water Luiz Amati this is Vardy right across Matic Cahill with time Moses Schmeichel there ahead of Diego Costa There you go that's broken adjectives down the drink water here much more of the ball he was trying to get his team going with his passive a molly drink water drink water the break finally gives Claudio Ranieri the chance to make his changes it was a tough day for Moussa who shifted out to the left to try and stem the flow not his natural game he didn't have much joy attacking the goal he's the big man who's exploding onto the Premier League scene isn't he with his goals and Riyad Mahrez the other player to come on Jeffrey Schlup coming off so different kind of challenge now for Chelsea Slomali is certainly going to be dangerous in the air yeah well if Chelsea sit here off as they have done once or twice and allow Leicester to swing balls into the box will be a threat Chelsea also making a change Nathaniel Calabar he has come to the Chelsea first team quite late really in his career after the experience he got coming on in place of Pedro who's getting a standing ovation as he goes off he struggled to get a place in the team but now that he has today he's certainly made his presence felt yeah I think he's disappointed to come off him see why he was enjoying himself he was a threat out there amazing to think this is Calabar's 100th senior appearance in his club career but only his third for Chelsea had six spells out on loan including against Nottingham Forest his actual debut for Chelsea was also against Leicester in that EFL Cup win just 25 days ago only a two six two three of the club that will flee however it's actually even more extraordinary in paradise not bad uenham did you find it hard to trick More to test but here's Hazard haha well the build-up has already began for the big one on Monday make sure you're with us for Monday night football Liverpool against Manchester United it's ON SKY Sports 1 and our coverage begins at seven here's Hernandez Slimani looking to get the flick here's Chalabar Luiz flag was up there against Diego Costa but the referee having spotted the flag allows Leicester to play on anyway Leicester without question have been better in this second half drink water here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez here's Mahrez and intoไป also all so too Te火 Te火 Delta Delta Delta president founder founder first one anyway another former manager here next when Jose Mourinho brings Manchester United to Stamford Bridge it's tomorrow week that's Costa would be at risk of missing if he was to pick up her fifth booking of the season here's Morgan Slimani now Amati back from King to drink water that's a good chance to pick one out to Mahrez there he was in space and drink water just didn't catch it right much else here in the top six in all of Claudio Ranieri's four seasons in charge there's Fuchs Chalabar Hazard Costa holding his run to stay onside Hazard left with nowhere it seemed to go he's done well to hold on to it bearing that in mind holding on to it was the thing he did so brilliantly Marti was in the north side of the pitch Marti was in the north side of the pitch Chalabar nice ball from Chalabar to get Hazard going actually in the first instance Matic Costa was in his way but he steps through regardless and forces viral deflection the save from Kasper Schmeichel there's great awareness actually in the tight space to realize he could just let the ball run after that they all just back off Chelsea Schmeichel maybe thought about trying to get hold of it thought he could that's it away in a safety first motion Moses with a corner away and Chelsea promptly gets another one Moses again cleared by Marti once more Hazard underneath it Slimani short for drink water Hazard trying to hold on to it again gets the foul with a few steps to the back of the net and a good shot by the ref and a good shot by the ref and a good shot by the ref and a good shot by the ref it's time out of funny drink water he's a strong lad in these situations he's picking it to knock off the ball on tape Luis on take , here's Alonso N'Golo Kante back to Moses Chalabar back to Moses rounding it off in style a handsome victory for Chelsea and the champions clobbered on the road again and the champions clobbered on the road again and the champions clobbered on the road again but if Nathaniel Chalabar meant this flick it was world class the one too well I think he did he most definitely did and it deserves the finish that it got from Victor Moses and it deserves the finish that it got from Victor Moses he's enjoying a really good spell for Chelsea hasn't had too many of those but this caps off another good afternoon for him and it pretty much caps off the match and it pretty much caps off the match and it pretty much caps off the match third in all competitions for Victor Moses this season and now they have the security of that third goal Antonio Conte can think about the challenges ahead and it will be a very good match for Chelsea and it will be a very good match for Chelsea and it will be a very good match for Chelsea and it will be the big guns that he wraps up in softball for the last few minutes plenty of mistakes from Leicester but none from Eden Hazard when it mattered to get an all-important second for Chelsea when it mattered to get an all-important second for Chelsea he's back so Ruben Loftus-Tube on for Hazard so Ruben Loftus-Tube on for Hazard and he's back and he's back and he's back big applause for Victor Moses big applause for Victor Moses whose goal is his last act and on comes the young fullback Ola Aina so the one goal scorer who hasn't been taken off so the one goal scorer who hasn't been taken off is Diego Costa so perhaps he was more concerned about the substitution of others than himself of others than himself or maybe Antonio Conte is making a point to him or maybe Antonio Conte is making a point to him about who is in charge about who is in charge Schmeichel got lucky there Schmeichel got lucky there Hernandez Here's Mahrez King Courtois by surprise All-Ireland Premier League debut Chelsea players by the way wearing black old bands today in respect of their Teammate William whose mother died hence his absence from the team today All-Ireland Premier League debut All about keeping a clean sheet now for Chelsea Thibaut Courtois hasn't conceded in his last three games for club and country Here's Fuchs Right across towards Slemani who would have been a danger But Courtois ensured that he couldn't get his head to it. Yeah Courtois recognizes Slemani Might well have won the duel at the far post But Courtois is still in the lead He's got a good chance of winning the game He's got a good chance of winning the game I'm gonna go the second half without question less too much better, but too little too late Well a fourth defeat in eight Premier League matches for Leicester would be as many as they'd suffered in their previous 47 Drink water This is behind the pick it is. Motivational Chalabar for another kick Antonio Conte be keen for this clean sheet hooks with the ball across by David Luiz Hernandez away by Chalabar Chalabar Costa setting Conte away usually for him a cast that doesn't find its target King drink water Morgan Morgan Amati here's Fuchs by Loftus-Cheek to Angolo Conte Azpilicueta Loftus-Cheek Matich Matich Matich got it back from Conte Chalabar trying to switch it through to Costa who had gone the other way and slips anyway another kick he's always thinking Chalabar really bright mind here's Mahrez and he's got it and he's got it Hoops Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Bagdie Bagdie Bagdie and turn the ball around Away Outside For 1980 Big ForDid No No Right for this Nice for this Nice Nice observations and the Final Smoke Hor经 Starting the time if last bad here Gogoi Mega and Now the fight has been lost here, Leicester. Thinking ahead to Tuesday. Yet another write-off for Claudio Ranieri. It seems to be a bit of a theme in European weeks. Not a happy theme either for the Leicester manager. Drink water. Hernandez. Played by Faino. Come on. Conte. Faino finding Loftus-Cheek. Matic. Conte. Alonso. Costa. Alonso. That was a thinking from Matt Handel. He's had a good day. But he didn't make the right decision there. Ola Aina's screaming for the ball at the far post. So who's the outstanding individual for you, Alan? There's been one or two for Chelsea. I think David Luiz has done really well at the back. Hasn't made one of his traditional mistakes. I think Nazard, another candidate. And Golo Conte, I think, against his old club. Good day for him. He hasn't done anything wrong at all. More than that, on his passing and attacking sense, he's been really good. He's done what he normally does at the base of midfield in terms of breaking up. Come on.