TISH MULLIGAN Waide x paralell to GWY TISH MULLIGAN Waide x paralell to GWY hayır! 커뻐 requisites Movement Get wording is is zet ance Garneagh v X name name s name name name percentages Projekt x ш end hat x x the foes alone up front but he still is a threat even though he plough in that lone furrow but as you can see already the shape of the game has been determined Sunderland plenty plenty of bodies behind the ball back four five in front of them and just the foe up front and Liverpool have got to get try and get in between those lines Tamina all a strong out wide to climb left away by Kone Tamina again now Milda Liverpool get the game's first corner and the ball is in the net Coutinho coming over this near side gonna whip it in right footed in swinger first corner for Sunderland to defend Lovren forward with Matip easily gathered by Pickford impressive display by Jordan Pickford the young English goalkeeper last weekend when Sunderland were able to maintain their winning run two straight wins now for Sunderland has given David Moyes and his team a little bit of hope that they can talk clear of the relegations there there's a needless foul down in the corner it was a good ball out from Pickford actually but by now that makes that foul there you can see on Whatmoore cheap foul to give away early on in the game and the ball is in the net O'Shea has made his way forward for Sunderland Kone ready to make his move delivery was poor but Sunderland might still make something of it and on Tamina Coutinho Chan on his way and in on the left side of the net Camillo ignored him Liverpool 10 games undefeated in the Premier League the best run they've had under Jurgen Klopp you can see that Matip and Lovren are just going to be responsible for picking up Jermaine Defoe the lone striker this afternoon they have to be on their toes can't leave it to each other to win this game but they're going to have to be on their toes can't leave it to each other to win this game G Ramadaphat Hasker 好 he plays one for four 3 not score one Sunderland at home to Hull City ardor strengths stadium of light in darkness for 10 minutes because of a power failure David Moyes and his team now beginning to see the fight let's start out with two sets of visitors not the Guusby чтобы fen wiping off Emery forward third ball during the moment 15 minutes off38 5 goals in 20 minutes agreement the free opponent members for a full cooperation over the post to 0 yuan master ebooksогда butterfish 38asser zoukauser given they've collected six points from their last two games. Van Aernald. Anicibi. Anicibi, who certainly knows his way around Anfield, having previously been with Everton. Mike Steven-Pean up. Probably won't relish playing out on that left-hand side, trying to get up and down there all the time. He's a big old boy, isn't he, Anicibi? But he is a danger when he gets in those advanced areas and central defenders get too tight and he rolls them, uses that upper body strength to get his shots away. Someone will be keen to keep Victor Anicibi fit, given the problems he had last season with West Bromwich Albion. Anicibi holding off Henderson, feeling that he was... Fouled. Solid challenge by Koenig. Coutinho hadn't given up on that, but here comes Sunderland with Watmore. Great run by Defoe. Defoe able to make something of nothing almost for Sunderland. Looked very much as though Watmore had been taken into a cul-de-sac. Not done by Van Alder. Here's Klein. Firmino. A good little turn there from Firmino. Zipped in off this perfect surface, went down on the pitch earlier on. It's just that absolute carpet out there. Really zipped those balls into the strikers. Six goals this season for Roberto Firmino. Liverpool have certainly shared the goals about. Premier League stars. They're going to be playing for Liverpool. They're going to be playing for Liverpool. They've got a great team. They're going to be playing for Liverpool. It's going to be a good season for them. All the way to the top. Let's see who's the best top goal scorers. All the way to the top. Let's see who's the best top goal scorers. She's going back to Victor Anicibi. David Moyes saying that it's so important to try and keep him fit, given the problems that he had at West Bromwich was without a club during the summer months. that he had at West Bromwich was without a club during the summer months. But Sunderland were desperate for extra personnel to try and steer them through the first half of the season, at least to see them through to January when there might be an opportunity were desperate for extra personnel to try and steer them through the first half of the season at least to see them through to January when there might be an opportunity for the Sunderland manager to strengthen again. Milda. Van Alder. And again by Henderson. Here's Mane. Klein. A good defensive shape from Sunderland there trying to prevent Liverpool from getting in between the lines which I mentioned they would try to do throughout this game but very difficult for the centre-backs. O'Shea and Kone. Really sometimes you're not playing up against anyone. There's that floating Liverpool forward line and the midfielders just behind them that make it really difficult. There's Stevie G down there enjoying his little bit of time off. He's resting out. I feel sure he'll get it. He's got a job here at Liverpool. They have to give him a job. The offers have started to come in haven't they? The MK Dons offering him the manager's role this week. Champ. Deep boy run by Mane. Van Alder. Henderson. And again by Klein. Lovren. Koutinho. Koutinho. One more tidying up. Sunderland made a dreadful start to the season. Sunderland. Brotherhood. Failed to win any of their opening ten games mirrors what happened last season when they failed to win any of the opening nine before they were able to defeat their North East rivals Newcastle by three goals to nil. Given away by van Alder. That's where they got to be better when they're playing out. You can see Defoe dropped off there but fouled to find the pass Pienaar. When you do break play up, If you can get at that Liverpool, they have so many players joining in the attack, virtually the whole team, that you can hit them on the break. It's underlined by the fact that Liverpool have managed just two shutouts all season. One of them coming at Southampton last weekend where they dominated possession, created plenty of chances, but were ultimately frustrated. Kline. Matip. Matip. Mane. Nice skill by Mane. Liverpool again claiming that they should have a free kick on the edge of the Sunderland penalty area. You can see how difficult it is to break them down, Tony. Really packed in there. You can see all those white shirts, look, moving in the shape. So well disciplined. Still need a little bit of something just to unlock them. Coutinho. Coutinho. Henderson. Left by O'Shea. Got a big shot from his goalkeeper, Pickford. Well, I don't think that's going to be any danger. Those angled chip balls up to the likes of Firmino, Coutinho, Mane. Just got to move it about as quickly as possible. Henderson just playing in front of his central defenders. The ball's coming through him most of the time. The quicker you pass it, the better. Liverpool trying to get that pace up. So we have the rainbow armbands to go with the rainbow laces that all Premier League players are wearing this weekend. The Premier League showing their support. For Team Pride and Stonewall. Organisations who are doing their best to encourage and promote diversity and inclusion. They're getting in a bit of a muddle, but there is relief for Sunderland. They've got the free kick. This is a Liverpool Football Club information message for Alan Manuel. Was Alan Manuel of St. Regis Close 22 pleased to be here today? Please return to their vehicle immediately. Alan Manuel of St. Regis Close, Waddington. Please return to their vehicle immediately. And that's by Van Alden. James Milner has got North East connections. Previously at Newcastle United. Liverpool getting goals from all areas. Different story for Sunderland. Sunderland. Sunderland. Sunderland. Onichibi. Default. Van Arnold. Sunderland. Sunderland. Sunderland. Firmino. Onichibi. Onichibi's got a role to play, even though he's on that left-hand side. Anything going up to him. He's just got to hold on to. Just don't want it to keep coming back as it did there. But very difficult for Jermaine Default. Mane. Hold up by Van Arnold. Support provided by Klein. Not enabled. Pienaar to get back to him. Good doubling up by Pienaar. He's coming back in there, helping Van Arnold. Don't really want to have two-on-one situations happening against their full-backs. It's a little. Continue with a corner kick. Jack Ford by Henderson. Hennessey. Pienaar. Pienaar. Pienaar. Pienaar. Pienaar. Pienaar. the first time in a row. the first time in a row. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a ragdoll of heroism. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's a Сер義 fan. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. He's got a great team. Jones around on the cover there just preventing Wijnaldum breaking from that deeper midfield position Matip Lovren Coutinho Wijnaldum easy enough in the end for Pickford well worked wasn't it Coutinho just coming in off this left-hand side look zip ball into Wijnaldum first touch turn gets his shot around John O'Shea but it's easy pickings shall we say for Pickford there low down to his left but he read it well with a big clearance by the Sunderland goalkeeper what not he's the way by Jones and on O'Shea the bench last weekend against Hull City having just recovered from a hamstring injury Defoe had to take the shot on even though Vaner felt a way to run for it good turn no time he wasn't it he's not gonna get a lot today Di ked traffic you can see straight away that as soon as he gets that ball, his first intention is just get a turn and get a strike away, because he knows it can deflect off defenders' legs, go through their legs, give goalkeepers problems, but really is in fine form. He's getting on a bit now in years, but still looking as sharp as ever. 34 now, Jermaine Defoe, seven goals for him in the Premier League this season. And where would Sunderland be without those Defoe goals? Well, Steven Pienaar just gets a corner down in the corner, and maybe just gets a little bit of an earful, being the next Evertonian down there, but takes it all with a pinch of salt. Good opportunity for Sunderland, they won't have many of these. Shea on the edge of the six-yard area. Goal! And down. And before by Jones. Pienaar's in there! It's a fine save by Karius. Hesitation at the back by Liverpool, the goalkeeper thought about coming, stayed back, and in the end it was the right decision. Well, it was a decent ball in from Jones, just lofted it over the top, good first touch from Pienaar. A little scissor kick there, but Karius was out really well. And saved. This was all about reading the situation. Stayed big, good save. Karius showing again where he is very much. Jurgen Klopp's number one this season. Neatly done by Pienaar. Again, the goalkeeper is swift off his line. It wouldn't have mattered anyway because deferred. Sour drifted offside. Saw his heart and mouth time being in the lob balls back in like that, and the assistant always waits for him to become active because given the decision. Stephen Child, the assistant on the near side. Karius, the goalkeeper, not prepared to take any chances. That was poor by Coutinho. He's grateful for Chan's intervention. New challenge. Just had a quiet word in the ear of Philippe Coutinho for surrendering possession. Chan taking on Undone. Milner. Out the way by Jones. Milner again. Liverpool finding a little bit of width. I don't think you're going to get anything from those angled balls we've seen already. Kone and O'Shea will just eat them up. And if not, if it's a little bit over here, then you've got the keeper behind them, Pickford, to come. So very much got to be in defeat. That's the order of the day today. In defeat. Quick interchanging in and around the penalty area. Don't think they're really going to get behind this very deep Sunderland defence. A little unchanged for the first time in 41 games in the Premier League. And the club a little bit short of options, given that Daniel Sturridge has picked up another injury, a calf problem which keeps him out. And Milner not being risked after he was injured on international duty with England. Firmino. Klein. Coutinho. Mane. Should have been helped away by Ndong. Instead he's found Henderson. Gathered easily again by Pickford. He was really grown in stature this season. Yeah, very confident young man, isn't he? Between the sticks and, again, anything on the angle, anything with height. If it's not the centre-backs, then Pickford will come from just behind them. Because they're so deep, very difficult to hit those lofted balls. Ferrari. Lovren. Van Alden. Matip. Matip. Firmino well that's where they've been limited to Tony from having pot shots like that from well quite a bit outside the area Firmino does well to get himself half a yard here and then get his shot away over the top but you can see how organised this Sunderland rearguard is and the five in front of them as well so it may be something really good that's got to unlock them Neil Swarbrick the fourth official is just readying himself he thought he was going to stay relatively warm on the touchline between Messrs Clough and Moyes but Stephen Child the assistant on the near side he's been the busier of the two assistants has got a hamstring problem his afternoon is almost over shows the importance of the two assistants and the importance of the two assistants of warming up Tony got to do your stretches properly they've all got their usual routine the referee and the assistants between them there's the handover dodgy hamstring fourth official I suppose that's ok isn't it let's hope the other ones warmed up Neil Swarbrick who was in charge of Watford's win again against the champions Leicester City last weekend Van Arnolt he's capable of the spectacular he's got a couple of goals in the Premier League already this season he's just trying to cut across this a little bit here Van Arnolt but just takes it out of his body oh there's a big giveaway by Liverpool cheap corner they've given away unfortunately the cameras weren't on that but I was just watching it and trying to play out the back they've given away a very cheap corner sloppy start by Liverpool so far not playing with their usual zip and we've seen them being a little bit fragile at set pieces this season I think it'd be good for Pienaar to get this one in and around that six yard area Liverpool you can see going zonal Pienaar has stepped away and left this to Van Arnolt here is Steven Pienaar but he's lost the race against Mane Seaman to a degree got lucky then as the ball went through deflected off and donned but back come Liverpool again Mane hasty and hurried and that was so unnecessary he looks a bit undecided about that he looked like he was shaping up with the last defender really he's got to just kick it past him and give him a run because he's so so quick but got stuck between two things there and just tried to curve it in behind the back four it wasn't really on very fast and here's the ball Milner Wilson and Dhonk headed the ball straight towards Coutinho Hachet Ś who scored a late winner for Manchester United at Anfield Coutinho. Ronaldo. Here's Klein. Mane. And Don. Great recovery by Henderson. That's where he's good, Henderson. He's got good athleticism in there. Here's Klein. Ronaldo. And that's when you sense, Tony, it's the best way to try and break Sunderland down if you can nick possession and get back at them quickly. Henderson nicked it. They transferred possession quickly. Ronaldo and wide with a shot. But that's what they've got to do. Same old, same old from Liverpool. They've dominated. They've dominated. But nothing to show for it as yet. David Moyes will be delighted with the way in which his Sunderland team have applied themselves. I'm sure confidence was rocked during the early weeks of the season given the run that Sunderland were on. But how important have those two wins been for them? It's been vital, hasn't it? It's just given them a little bit of hope because before that, you looked and thought, you know, from even the expressions and what David Moyes was saying, in his press conferences, that they were kind of resigned to going down. But it has given them hope. But they've got to kick on from there. And I believe they need four or five signings in the January window for David Moyes to have a chance of getting out of it because they need to show top form. But it's getting better. Modest spend during the summer months. Max Vendon coming in and Gilles Bodge arrived from Chelsea. I think he didn't get a look in last season. He was trying to hold his hand up and apologise. I think he was trying a long diagonal ball there. I wasn't sure what he was trying, Lovren, but centre-backs nowadays, they're the ones who are left in possession of the ball and they are very wasteful with it. Plenty of time on it. There's no excuse for giving it away. I think they're going to have a word with Firmino. I think they're going to have a word with Firmino. I think they're going to have a word with Firmino. I think they're going to have a word with Firmino. Sunderland will take that. Anthony Teller getting in Coutinho's way. Lovren is there to save the referee any further embarrassment. Ronaldo. Milner. Milner. He hasn't been the best of stars by Liverpool. He hasn't been the best of stars by Liverpool. A couple of shots at goal. I haven't really troubled Pickford. Passing's not been good enough. Not its normal movement. The fluency in and around those front players. I thought the best chance has fallen to Sunderland's Steven Tiener. Chat. Ronaldo ahead of it. and that's easy again for Pickford good little try though from Jan I thought there, oh here's the breakaway, this is the danger Defoe from one end of the pitch to the other Matip just doing enough, leaning on Jermaine Defoe terrific clearance and a terrific pick-out by Pickford I have to ask the question about Matip though Tony he's on the wrong side of Defoe from a kick-out, two marking one, they leave it to each other and he's nearly in from one ball Defoe currently out of the game surge forward by Kone two central defenders finding himself in Liverpool's penalty area Donaer has dropped back into the back line alongside O'Shea Coutinho Liverpool have a bit of overload here terrific work by Coutinho good defending as well Jones knew he was going to check back but he had a little bit of help in there, Mandong came back in there, doubled up and that's what you've got to do on those wide sides a little bit of a blow onto the instep though for Coutinho a little bit worrying but here's the through ball look Matip's on the wrong side, that's from a kick not a foul for me just couldn't quite get his body across there but you're in the wrong position already get on the other side, get goal side don't be lazy, pick Watford straight out of his hands Defoe nearly in at the other end lack of concentration from Matip and here's the Kone injury Tony just twisting inside here I think he got a little bit of a knock there, look just kicked into the foot of Mandong as he cut back here you can see just there, look kicks into the foot just jars his foot up a bit Tango come on Hee這些 Sche 내가 but he counter Sherbrooke what a jumper tighten that i think they're not looking too happy but they've only hat so important for Liverpool three goals and five assists in his last eight games in the Premier League over T ess beam Fe barn extension fielder as the he's kept falling behind Rhody this doesn't look good at all well it looked like a pretty innocuous didn't it but I think it's just a jarring effect one a foot on one foot onto the other as he cut foot back and gone got the block in and you can see immediately that the foot kind of sprung backwards so to know what he's quite done but it doesn't look very good does it but the team you give a colleague is ready to come on for Liverpool already the Belgian international whose own season was almost ended prematurely the second half of the last campaign when he was injured here against Everton made it back for the UEFA Europa League final which Liverpool lost you to severe the serial winners of that competition in Basel it is right foot the worry must be it may well be a metatarsal industry on Amy yet to severe the serial winners of that competition in Basel to severe the serial winners of that competition in Basel her boots are flimsy they are not a pair of her boots are flimsy they are not a pair of her boots are flimsy they are not a pair of slim soles when you turn on the inside slim soles when you turn on the inside slim soles when you turn on the inside and just twist and turn your foot but it and just twist and turn your foot but it and just twist and turn your foot but it was definitely from the impact for was definitely from the impact for was definitely from the impact for were given the strapping and the the were given the strapping and the the agreements which has been put on his agreements which has been put on his agreements which has been put on his right foot maybe right foot maybe his right ankle well this is not good news no European football for Liverpool so they got a free run at it in terms of the other top sides all in Champions Leagues and Europa Cups he won't be a happy man because this man there is one of the reasons or probably the main reason that Liverpool are so good at unlocking defences and even scoring goals himself creative and sharp and everything that's good about Liverpool at the moment but that's a real blow for Liverpool and they'll be hoping that that's a matter of weeks rather than months Coutinho off on a stretch a bad news for Liverpool and also for Brazil scored for them in their win over Argentina during the last international break with Coutinho off it's an opportunity for Divock Origi I mentioned earlier that there's no Daniel Sturridge today for Liverpool a calf problem for him yet again he simply can't get his fitness can he he'd have been the perfect replacement for me I mean Origi's a good player but Sturridge is of the type that suits this Liverpool team at the moment Dina Mane good anticipation by Pienaar Sunderland growing in confidence Liverpool having to sort themselves out again continue off to be replaced by Origi parcels in 1 2 2 waste and and G Hampton would you swear to ban Monaco Nuguri Monaco CM he's doing it since he won against Creac engagement Man United lost答 벌써 hey started district should Зап Rama missing his keep Ronaldo. Sunderland again squeezing things together at the back. Chap. There's Klein. Mane. Origi. Origi goes down under the weight of the challenge from O'Shea. He was looking for a free kick. Anthony Taylor let it go. Origi again. This time he was fouled by Pienaar and Liverpool do get the free kick. Origi has been called over because Anthony Taylor certainly wants a word with him about the reaction to the earlier challenge from O'Shea. Yeah, I think he was kind of pre-empting the challenge rather than when the challenge happened. That's what the referee's just letting off a little bit lightly with. Liverpool just in this little bit of a spell at the moment where they need a little bit of a lift. Defoe slow to retreat. Henderson does now. Takes the free kick. Which is met by Lovren. And with the goal gaping he heads wide. Well I think he should hit the target at least here, Dejan Lovren. Good ball in from Henderson. He comes around the back. No one's marked him at all. Look, he's got to hit the target. He's a little bit unlucky. He tries to get a little bit of shape and curl on the header. It doesn't curl in time on that far post. He's not marked though. That's the danger. Look, right around that far post on his own. Big centre back up. Just past the post. He's got to get the ball back. He's got to get the ball back. He's got to get the ball back. He's got to get the ball back. He's got to get the ball back. That's a good one. What more. Hooked away eventually by Milner. And by Jones. Too high for Pienaar. Henderson. Lovren. Hooked away. Hooked away. Hooked away. Hooked away. Five years since Jordan Henderson left Sunderland for Liverpool. He was sold by Steve Bruce. Something of a revolving door of managers at the Stadium of Light since Steve Bruce left. Five years ago this month. He came to Sunderland with 16 points and ultimately had cannot play法. Maybe Timberlake gets one underneath for two or three on la이가 t Waite. if he plays tried the No, I'm still Blanche de Horan. has played longer than that. conditions. Perhaps we could have settled on talkacks to bring the game around slightly worse a around the home run as a result. He's away by Koenig. It's been a frustrating afternoon for Liverpool at the moment. It's been compounded by the injury to Coutinho, and you can see it's just affected the players a little bit, and the crowd has gone really quiet, wondering how bad that injury, of course, is to Coutinho. But for that man down there, it's gone really well. I think his team's set up with a great shape. People may be expecting a Nechevite to line up with Defoe, but no, he's out on that left-hand side. And just keeping that shape in a 4-5-1, Defoe, Clough and that lone Foro, always a threat, keeping the two Liverpool centre-backs interested all the time. Liverpool having loads of the ball, but very rarely do they look like breaking Sunderland down. Sunderland managed their first shutout of the season last weekend. Home win against Hull City. Lovren. Matip. Milner. Mane, who's yet to sparkle. Van Alden. Dries V industrial? Thanks to him, we're 5th ahead, Urbihamston. Infrastructure coach. Real professional. catalan. like they're going to by just maybe playing a quick one-two and getting in behind them. Matip has made his move to the near post, helped on by Chan, and helped behind. He got ahead of it there, Chan, just tried to do too much on it. Having gone past that near post, you've really just got to try and help that one on its way rather than trying to get power into it. Just flick it on its way and maybe hope for a second ball knocking. Go on, go on, go on! Origi. Good anticipation by Anicibi. Well, he won't relish that, chasing back 40, 50 yards, Victor Anicibi, because he wants to be going the other way, doing that type of thing, but... at the moment, shaping up to the task, really well. That could, by the way, enrich Sunderland of work for each other. Anicibi dropping back, Tinau moving forward. Similar story on the right-hand side with Watmore dropping back to help out Jones whenever necessary. Not much joy for Sunderland on their travels this season when they had some success. It's been on the south coast, a win at Bournemouth, a draw at Southampton. Trying to be a bit too precise with the header for Watmore. Not gone by Milner. Chan. Chan. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Matip. Lovren. The idea of a Sunderland is trying to let the two centre-backs have it. Matip in particular, he doesn't look as good in possession. Manning. Matip's not really looked forward with the ball. He's just trying to give it square or giving it in to Henderson. There's plenty of room to run it out, make up that spare man. and to come up with the field where there's an unbreakable making a pass value up front for Moffat and RB. Le scary. But not too fast I guess. Chan Milner Van Alden and again by Henderson back with Henderson Chester down by Origi he's got the better of Kone and there's a bit more of a physical threat now with Origi on just to maybe hit a couple of angled balls chips up and the ball remains in there but you can sense the fans trying to get behind them they know it's a frustrating afternoon Firmino skipping away from Jones Chan couldn't quite stretch enough there's a big need for patience in games like this Tony you know you should win them Sunderland are defending so well and in numbers don't really want to give anything away you can see Matip again that's poor in possession he's the one that Sunderland are trying to earmark to leave with the ball at the moment Sunderland