so off we go at Sellhurst Park, Crystal Palace in the red and blue strikes beaten by West Ham and Leicester in their last two matches Liverpool in their chain strip on a 10 match unbeaten run in all competitions and with top spot in the Premier League in their sights Owen Hargreaves, good afternoon, what are you expecting from this one today? I think this is what we're going to see for the majority of the game Palace dropping in, trying to play on the counter-attack but Liverpool, terrific start to the season so great to watch, good attacking football I expect Liverpool to try and match Man City in Arsenal, get a big and poor win Sadio Mane's nicked it back here for Liverpool Clymer the first chance to cross against his old side and Firmino was in a dangerous area as far as Liverpool were concerned as an attacking unit Palace have won three of the last four meetings between the teams the sole Liverpool success during that run was here in Man City Liverpool have won four of their last five games away from home including a 2-1 win at Chelsea the last time they were in London Jurgen Klopp delighted with the way that his team have started the Premier League season Zaha Zaha first bit of defence first bit of defence first bit of defence was brought in by Kerr then from the flat venue OM является Man Church Man City based and we leave the position at New願 Manchester City which is up and 총 properly in towards MacArthur and Jordan Henderson who was suspended in the League Cup on Tuesday against Tottenham was there to clear for Liverpool Crystal Palace have only won two of their last eight matches here at Selhurst Park in all competitions against Liverpool and they're just in a bit of a flat spot, they were in fine form before the last international break but they've not really been able to get going like they were since then Liverpool looking to keep in touch with Manchester City and Arsenal who both had emphatic victories in the Premier League today, for Liverpool to go to the top they'd have to win by six goals today to go second above Arsenal they'd need to win by four you can see how Owen was saying at the beginning of the game it's a real halfway line press Palace are dropping Benteke right into that halfway line it's almost like a basketball type of game when you drop off make all the distances very difficult to break you down and that's the tactics for Palace today James Tomkins with a foot in on Sadio Mane and there's no secret in the fact that Crystal Palace will need to tighten up defensively today they're only clean sheet this season but against Blackpool in a League Cup tie in August only Burnley and Manchester United have prevented Liverpool from scoring in their last 30 domestic matches in all competitions it might well be the key element of the game today and whether Crystal Palace can slow down Liverpool that so many teams have found it hard to do in the early weeks of the season here's Moreno and now Lovren Joel Matip who hasn't lost in the Liverpool side so far here's Moreno and now Firmino lots and lots of fluidity about those front players for Liverpool Moreno looking to spin in Lallana arrives on the scene going for the ball and another b rece把它 Essex am forgotten so the real"- more son Telegram 1960 play up to get them goals or assists so flexible so versatile such a great attack so well balanced Emre Can now Henderson Adam Lallana the offside flag up against Nathaniel Klein Nathaniel Klein is back in his old club he signed for Crystal Palace as a teenager from Tottenham and his debut in the first team as a 17 year old and it's a tight one there go on there. It's very tight he's gone to go in behind isn't he made a great run originally for Henderson Henderson gave it to Lallana but it was fractions wasn't it? The full backs for Liverpool they're playing like they're at Anfield they're so high and Moreno's on the ball down the left hand side Klein is like a wall and he's got to get it in the back of the net. Winger is on the shoulder of the fullback and that drags the wingers back Lee's having to come all the way back and it's very difficult for Palace when they do win the ball are they able to get out on the ball Andre Mariner in charge of this game today refereed the match last season between the sides as well he sent James Milner off and awarded a 96 minute penalty for Liverpool he's been there a referee for red cards as well not wanting to tempt fate here he's shown five red cards in eight matches this season including three in a game in one of the European fixtures that he's had crocheted at the substitutions true scores sold out in the GC was between Liverpool and Westeters709asa.ca Robertson another break and it's if it was Ruzsa dedication and his feet running at Reina that's a problem to them Lallana pulls it back to Firmino and now Chan Coutinho some defending for Ward to do and in the end he did enough it's already clear to see though isn't it Owen they're gonna pack the penalty area Palace when Liverpool have got it yeah they're getting so many bodies forward look how many bodies Palace are back having having the full backs provide Liverpool with that width that means the wingers can come inside pick up positions inside support Firmino to see from the possession starts there Liverpool dominating so far and see the scores from the afternoon fixes in the Premier League going through the screen at the bottom a big win for Arsenal Manchester United down to ten men held at home by Burnley left the city with a point away from home at Tottenham and a big win for Manchester City at the Hawthorns against West Bromwich Albion which is a solidified their place at the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures that we've seen in the Premier League and the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures that we've seen in the Premier League and the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures on the Premier League tonight from eight o'clock on BT Sport the center by Johan Cabot it's a case of plugging the gaps isn't it for Crystal Palace so far in the match and they've done it successfully up to now said chung young Lee has been and he's done it successfully up to now said chung young Lee has been brought into at a bit of a defensive guile to the palisade in place of antros brought into at a bit of a defensive guile to the palisade in place of antros ramps in today Coutinho sends it forward ramps in today Coutinho sends it forward it's awkward for Kelly Marne couldn't control it and that Joe Ledley there get it's awkward for Kelly Marne couldn't control it and that Joe Ledley there get back in there for Crystal Palace followed up that sequence of three straight Premier League wins before the followed up that sequence of three straight Premier League wins before the international break with a pole air upset Concord trapped in poison's vision control but they got a two point lead with a point from games against Everton West Ham and Leicester although Alan Pardew felt that he deserved more from the game of the King Power Stadium certainly last weekend where they created lots of opportunities Joel Matip for Liverpool force here for Sadio Mane and then Matip had stayed forward Azaha there's Benteke Moreno was onto it quickly the heavy first touch from Benteke helping Liverpool out now Coutinho and away by Tompkins Alberto Moreno now Coutinho Henderson to Mane now Chan and then intercepted and cleared away by Tompkins Coutinho in firmly on MacArthur now Henderson Sadio Mane Nathaniel Clines made his way forward from right back for Liverpool and Martin Kelly the Liverpool old boy over there to clear it away for Crystal Palace you can see how narrow Liverpool's front three are playing I mean very much so inside Palace just crowding it out with so many bodies and the difficult thing for Palace is when they get position struggling just to keep it Benteke is very isolated goodbye challenge by Chan no foul Andre Marriner was pretty much on the spot for that one and and and , straight to counter that free throw by the Van Mayer is his BB king who had a great play over initalia but then Mamani rather made him back to the wing on Robert Sarai직ou but Jan seinen with the wing made him back to the wall and he till bank was of loss scr Obs SPEAKER 1 1 firearms brother of penso離 in there on the follow-up challenge now Kelly Johan Cabaye that Matip had spotted that one that was on its way towards Ben Teke Zaha working hard on Chan Andre Mariner happy for the game to carry on Tompkins out to Kelly away by Matip there's Scott down who's back at centre-half alongside James Tompkins for Crystal Palace today got a goal at Anfield last season he's missed the last four matches Alan Pardew was talking in the build-up to the match about his threat from set pieces but very very happy the Crystal Palace manager to have Scott down back at centre-half today especially against a side who score as many goals and create as many chances as Liverpool do it's a good solid defender isn't it there but for me that's a Cabaye just over hits that one but they're gonna get Cabaye on the ball every time he gets the ball he looks forward and if you're gonna count the teams you've got to play that ball forward the first pass and a couple of times he's already done it this in this game and that's what Palace are gonna look at in the next half of the season. look for there's Emre Can there's Emre Can Klopp has just been having a room with Sadio Mane on the other side of the pitch for Liverpool just indicating I think for him to stay a little bit wider and try and create one or two gaps that Liverpool might be able to exploit in the Palace back line they're just moving the ball a little bit too slowly too many touches fans really well organized just need to move the ball quicker make those runs in behind Mane so terrific at it just stretch this Crystal Palace team Mane just stretch this Crystal Palace team Coutinho to Moreno Zaha across for Palace that's the example there Fletcher the back four staying in there Moreno's carried on running forward and Emre Can's coming through and it took a deflection in Liverpool lead and it was the slick one-touch passing from Liverpool to open up Crystal Palace and Emre Can was there to finish it off for his first goal of the season well just said it make forward runs forward runs and forward passes and Liverpool do just that Moreno giving great width to this Liverpool team look how many bodies Liverpool get forward quick play that's a terrific ball very tight but Moreno makes a terrific run that's a great take from Chan might just take a deflection yeah it comes off Scott-Dan but this little ball here is when Zaha has been asked to play almost like a right back just switches off for a second Moreno gets in there and he's got it in the back of the net they're in behind the defense and pulls it back and that kills you but when you're asking your wingers to come back there and concentrate as a defender they've only got to switch off for a second Moreno gives you that such a great athlete so quick given them great width the final touch on that Emre Can shot off Scott-Dan not an awful lot that he could do about it but it certainly took it away from Mondanda didn't it in the Crystal Palace goal that was impossible for Scott-Dan and Mondanda I think terrific from Emre Can getting forward in those positions it's a familiar situation but not a happy one for Alan Pardew and Crystal Palace they've now been behind in nine of the 12 games they played this season and it extends the run in the Premier League to 50-100 15 matches now without a clean sheet they are so susceptible to conceding goals and you make life very difficult for yourself when you concede the first one against this level of opposition and here's Sadio Mane running through and Mondanda there but it was all about the vision of Philippe Coutinho again to set him free well terrific vision look at this for a run willing run by Mane just so quick Tompkins does so well just to get a touch on that I think for Crystal Palace and Alan Pardew game plan that he had to change two of his best teams I think the best attackers are on the bench it was a mistake by Dejan Lovren and there's the goal for Crystal Palace from MacArthur well it was awful defending by Lovren had an open goal for James MacArthur and Crystal Palace are level and the world's goal for Crystal Palace number 18 James MacArthur James it's just poor defending from Liverpool ball just bounces it's awful from Lovren just straight to MacArthur Lewis Carries in a difficult position doesn't know whether to come or stay just from nothing one long ball Lovren makes a mess of that and that's brave from MacArthur that's his third goal of the season getting forward Carries just stays on his line doesn't know whether to come or stay for Lovren for me it's there's a time to try and play football and a time to clear your area just get rid of the ball and the defense is going to be a bit more difficult for them just get rid of the ball and the defense is going to be a bit more difficult for them just scored the last thing they want to do is is give the goal away and it's horses for courses doing the right thing at the right time Moreno with the ball in towards Firmino now Henderson wide open field to the game all of a sudden in towards Firmino again and Ward was there doing enough for Palace he'll now get the goal kick I remember one of my managers said to me never play square in Lovren just to square in Lovren just a header from Matip and it's awful from Lovren Carthaway does well just gambles and they needed that Al-Abbadi Get him back in this game Lovren can't believe it Well a look on Jurgen Klopp's face tells the story he can't believe it, he does finish it with a smile but it was a smile of irony more than anything else and Liverpool who have gotten the lead and throughout the game have won the rematch Emre Can's deflected shot, pegged back almost straight away by Crystal Palace. It's been so frustrating for him because Liverpool play such fantastic football, open football, technical football in the opponent's halves, they have to earn a lot to get their goals and suddenly they just give something away like that and that must be so frustrating for them. They've got to eradicate these poor goals they're giving away. You mentioned the fact that Crystal Palace have gone 15 games in the league since a clean sheet, Liverpool have only kept one so far this season in the league. There's good defending by Tompkins again on Sadio Mane who seems to be operating a bit more through the middle, doesn't he, in the early stages here for Liverpool. Just a terrific awareness, just realising the space they're running behind. Tinho always looking to pick players out. Tompkins again does terrific just to get a body on him. I think with Mane, I think the word was start wide and then arrive in there. He's arriving through the centre. I'm thinking the guy may be in there too early. Loughran's in there with a chance to maybe make amends. Coutinho's corner cleared away and then Cabaye in with a tackle for Palace. It's very rare that there aren't goals when these two meet and a couple inside the opening 21 minutes have certainly got us started on the right track. Here at Selhurst Park and there's another one and Loughran has made a difference. With a bullet header that gave Mondonda no chance at all. I love that. That's just brilliant from Loughran for making such a dreadful mistake. You feel awful for your teammates. Liverpool started so well. Brilliant. Great character from Loughran. He's trying to get on the end of this. Terrific delivery. Loughran, he just wants it more. Great determination again. And Scott Dan right through the legs of Mondanda. It's just a brilliant ball in. Such a powerful header. Brilliant goal from Loughran. You never thought that he had him marked, did he? He didn't really get himself in the correct position. There was a little bit of a gap but we were talking about Liverpool conceding set plays. My word. It's been quite the start here at Selhurst Park. Crystal Palace 1, Liverpool 2 and that's Dejan Loughran's first goal in the Liverpool shirt since he's scored that unbelievably dramatic goal against Borussia Dortmund in the Europa League towards the end of last season. Just some beautiful football from Liverpool. That was wonderful, wasn't it? Great touches. 1 and 2. They're just so good, Liverpool. Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! 3 attempts on target and all of them converted so far. That will take that over 90 minutes, won't it? Headed out by Kelly for a Liverpool throw in. Away by Tompkins. Henderson finds Coutinho who's popping up in a variety of positions. already he's sensational was the last weekend against Westbrook particularly in the first half Liverpool's number 10 huge week of Champions League football coming up Tuesday nights an absolute cracker Manchester City you've got four at Westbrook this afternoon looking for revenge against Barcelona at Tuesday 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 HD and 4k UHD is Firmino for Liverpool who were threatening another Liverpool just keep coming just attacking in waves in the end it's just a brilliant block from Joel Ward just get a body on it there's Matty who's looking to get forward from centre-back with a fair bit of regularity in the game tends to leave at Lovren one-on-one against Benteke Henderson dropping in here's Mane still Savio Mane Firmino Lallana away by Kelly but not very far Nathaniel Klein Henderson swings it in Moreno Coutinho Moreno has made another run in behind Zaha here and he's delivered a tantalizing ball in towards Firmino Henderson to Mane breaks now for Chan Coutinho Chambers looking to play back in and then Dan got across to get the block on Emre Can's shot but Liverpool asking plenty of questions here at the Palace defence well Crystal Palace can get out Liverpool literally camped in their half goodbye there for Palace this time and at last Joel Ward can play the ball to relative safety to James McArthur and that's a good save by Liverpool. and that's a good save by Liverpool. and that's a good save by Liverpool. Here's Lallana Chan to Coutinho spun away from Ledley Klein arrives in towards Firmino away by Martin Kelly Ledley just able to reach it but Henderson was in there quickly it's fantastic pressing from Liverpool when they've lost the ball in the last third they're pressing Henderson he's intercepted three or four already this half Lovren's playing like a man possessed since he gave the goal away Mane most things have been going right for Savio Mane since he arrived from Southampton but not that time most things have been going right for Savio Mane since he arrived from Southampton but not that time just a wonderful player fits in perfectly with this Liverpool team it is again Coutinho at the heart of everything Mane making a terrific run again just getting in behind Zaha defending from Kelly just get the body off Firmino tempted to say the kind of cross that Christian Benteke didn't see anywhere near enough when he was wearing a Liverpool shirt pretty much so yes but actually you look at Zaha and you think well he's going to take on Moreno Moreno's not greatest at defending but it's the other way around but it's the other way around at the moment Moreno's the one forcing him back he's attacking and getting on the outside of Zaha and Palace have got to let Zaha sit out sometimes Lallana's made a really good run here found by Chan flicks it in towards Coutinho and Mane I think that's a difficult thing for Palace so many players making forward runs Lallana Mane can never know who to pick up so difficult for the Palace defenders we've almost got to say to Zaha sometimes on occasion let one of the central midfield players go across and help your full back you just sit out it's not cheating it's clever I agree stay up here sit out and Moreno then has to think about things well they're not keeping the ball well enough Palace so Liverpool can just keep coming Mane and that was awkward wasn't it for Dan they gave the ball away just outside their own penalty area again Johan Cabaye was the culprit this time cylinders out when it was told to defend Wilfred Zaha ran into Jordan Henderson fair tackle according to Andre Mariner Lallana can bring Liverpool the other way and now Coutinho Mane and Firmino in there with him as is Moreno again lots and lots of power just slightly off target vintage Liverpool win the ball back on the press look how many bodies break and Coutinho he's just popped up all over the pitch just great patience come inside it awareness to pick out Moreno it's been terrific just smashes it off the post Liverpool are dominant there's never been any doubt at all about Moreno as an attacking player Glenn it's the holes he sometimes leaves at the other end but he brings a dimension doesn't he down the left to Liverpool when he plays as an attacker certainly when you've got this amount of possession as well it encourages him to get forward and shows his ability but we all know is that kill his hill is is defending but again that that attack from Liverpool come from Henderson pressing winning the ball playing forward and then breaking Coutinho was looking to make it back from goodbye there of course no Milner at the side today he's been very consistent and solid but left-back that he's suffering with an illness Liverpool deciding not to bring him with a travelling party today hence why Moreno is starting in the Premier League since the opening weekend he got 90% free time after the match he got 90% free time after the match everything under wraps and he took the lead now minutes under his belt in midweek against Tottenham. Boy, I feel sorry for Leek. Trying to come inside, hasn't had many touches. We've got some Europa League football for you this week as well as the Champions League. Fenerbahce, Manchester United, half-past five on Thursday. A big game that for United. And Southampton against Inter Milan, the rematch of those two as well. You can see the Southampton-Inter Milan match of BT Sport 2HD and 4K UHD on Thursday. Lees come over to the right side to have a go at Moreno. I think he's come over this side. I think Alan Pardew's put him over here more for the defensive side. Moreno getting in as we've been saying, but now he's going back over. They're swapping again. Wouldn't be a bad idea to let Zaha go the other side. Have a go at Klein. Moreno. Just so quick. Never going to beat him for pace. I think it's just more little things, little decisions in moments. Knowing when to clear the ball, clear your lines. I think he could be a terrific left-back. Just needs to cut out some of those errors. I think offensively it gives Liverpool so much. Pogba's left-back. Nick Klopp asking the question there of the fourth official as to why the free kick was given. Didn't seem too much wrong with the challenge. On by Benteke. and they've got a goal as well, and it's come off the head of James McArthur for the second time in the game. Well, he's made some terrific runs all season. His late runs from midfield, it's just brilliant play from McArthur, just gambling. And Zahard does so well. Really good play. Panteke wins that header. Moreno just stands off Zahard. And that's just a brilliant header. Just behind Lovren, I don't think he sees him. And he just times it beautifully. And gets it, it's a stunning goal from McArthur. It's his fourth of the season. It's a lovely little cross from Zahard, isn't it? He's just cut across the ball, lovely. He's not gone for Panteke, he's put it in early, but again, we've said how well Moreno's played going forward, but he's got to get tighter. I said at the beginning, stop crosses, Liverpool must stop crosses. And he's got to get it in. So 2-2. And McArthur, who's not renowned as a goalscorer in the Premier League, has got four goals in his last six matches now. Two headers. And two attacks, essentially, from Crystal Palace, who brought a goal for them on both occasions. I think they need him to gamble for midfield, make those forward runs. And when they play with the number 10 today, that medley from Kabaye just sitting in midfield allows him to get it in. And just gamble again. It was interesting in the week that Jurgen Klopp felt the need to defend this centre-back, Matip and Lovren. And they've got more work to do here. Lovren more comfortable that time with the ball on the ground. That's not a handball against Zahard, according to the officials. Kabaye, and then in towards Zahard, who is offside. It was Joe Ledley's ball in. Moreno's had an exceptional 30 minutes for the last three or four. Just starting to see him make a couple of errors. Again, decision-making in that area. Just clear your lines. Trying to play, again, another one. Cesar Haas just offside. And we've just seen the good and the bad of Moreno, haven't we? And when you're playing against a side that maybe might have more control in the game, your opponents, that's where it's a problem to him. And you have to defend more. It's been a fantastic opening, 35 minutes here at Selhurst Park. And now it's Liverpool's turn to come forward looking for a goal. In it goes from Clyne. Plenty of possession and goal attempts. From Liverpool. But Crystal Palace haven't had the ball a lot. But when they have, it's quite clear there they've made it count. Well, then that's the worrying thing for Liverpool. Offensively, they played so well. Only two attacks from Palace and they scored on both. Seen them cut out those mistakes, Liverpool. Offensively, it just looked like they could score at every time. It's great for the neutral, isn't it? There's so many teams in the Premier League in the early weeks of the season finding it hard at the back. Seeing examples here again today. Here's Macarthur. Benteke's in there waiting for the cross. Lee as well. It's away by Mane for Liverpool. Now Kelly. Matip let it bounce. He's going to get the free kick. The assistance flag has been raised. Well, in the same way Coutinho's causing Crystal Palace problems, Macarthur is popping up so many dangerous areas. Maybe offside there. But, again, that's the ball. Just standing up again from Zaha. That's just a wonderful head-up from Macarthur. He's already doubled last season's total for goals. He only got two the whole of last season. He's got 4 before Halloween this time around. James Macarthur. He's doing a different job. He used to sit last season more in front of that back four. Here's Firmino Coutinho's in there Mondanda got something on it So did the post Not often you see Philippe Coutinho threatening with his head That's a wonderful save isn't it Coutinho comes in there and from nowhere really No one's really picking him up Because they're not expecting him to take the head up But again Liverpool showing how good they are offensively Coutinho to Firmino Coutinho Tompkins was there and then Clyde to Mane and he's missed the sitter Some of the football Liverpool have played has been exceptional Just one and two touch Beautiful to watch Even this attack Mane has got a score Coutinho just been magnificent Great ball from Clyde Just a bit of composure Just a bit of composure Just a bit of composure Just hit the target and it's in Look how many bodies Liverpool get forward Coutinho's been the heart of everything It's a great pick up from Clyde He's got a score Didn't quite work hard enough to stay over the top of the ball It's come to him in the left This is the Coutinho's John What a great save Double save actually First one with his right Then his second with his left hand But Liverpool fantastic to watch They really are Of all the teams at the moment in the Premier League They're the team that you pay money for The most good things in the Premier League Final kick,il the fourth minute They're getting tutor voltage And then they being up 2 years Oh Sneakеров You were empower Pufferface as an attacking player so far now Chan Firmino and at last a relatively comfortable moment for Mondanda I think I think he's going to want this first half to end that's a brilliant ball from Firmino and Coutinho just popped up all over the game see that just comes off Wattam he's got it up in the air but it's a terrific save for Mondanda such great reflexes you saw him in the warm-up not the biggest keeper just great reactions Cavai lifts one in Matip away there's a bit of space behind Kelly for Mane goes to Lallana and then to Gomes Coutinho and then Adam Lallana what about that for confident defending from Tompkins knew exactly where he was and did the right thing that's just an unbelievable counter-attack Liverpool break so quickly surprised that Palace are so open but Coutinho always seems to just know where all the players are great reverse pass and you're right that's terrific defending from Tompkins Firmino let's have a look at this header here Owen is there a handball in there from Ward yeah it just comes off his hand there probably brings it back on target almost looked like he was going wide his hands in it in an awkward position no question and it's just enough to bring it back towards the goalkeeper to make the save and that break from Liverpool what football and the overlap from lalana just making the spare man you know identifying when you make that spare man brilliant play Howard Webber is with us at Selhurst Park he's made it here and his left foot's in a corner of the goal line and he's here from the BT School studio this afternoon, he's had a look at that and he says quite rightly that had Andre Maradona or one of the assistants seen that, then he would have given a penalty to Liverpool for the handball by Ward. Just to clear that up, that's a poor pass by Karius. There's Lee. Loughran was out there quickly. A couple of interesting Premier League matches on the horizon next weekend for you. Saturday, five o'clock, the usual time, Chelsea against Everton. BT Sport, 1HD, 4K UHD. And a bonus for you on Sunday, the North London derby with Premier League title implications, Arsenal against Tottenham, and the coverage starts at a quarter past 11. What a save, Glenn. Just go. Going back to the James Tompkins defending, with a game being played as frantically as this one, to show that kind of composure was really impressive. There's Liverpool defending to do here, which Karius is able to do. It was flesh. And we talk about midfield players and creative players, their awareness, but sometimes you've got to give credit to defenders. He's awareness. He was aware exactly where the attacker was on his shoulder, knew what he was doing. Great defending. There's Adam Lallana for Liverpool. Clines made another run from right back. He was tracked. This time, though, by Zaha. Now, Chan. Kabay got a foot in. Zaha can bring Crystal Palace forward the other way. Skips away from Henderson. Benteke on the move in the middle. Zaha had the option to put it in there, didn't he, towards Christian Benteke. It's been a brilliant half of football. Both teams attacking every opportunity. It's Coutinho. So hard to find in this Liverpool team because of the positions he takes up. Mane to Klein. And that's a Liverpool corner. Oh, Coutinho's been exceptional. His awareness on the football pitch is remarkable. Just always seems to know what every player's going to be. Just dictates the tempo as good as anyone in the Premier League. Go ahead. Self-blank, go ahead. Liverpool's two centre-backs. The centre-backs have made their way forward. Lovren's already left his mark on the game from a Liverpool corner. This one from the other side. In towards Matip! And they've got another one, Liverpool. And both centre-backs on the score sheet from corners. Joel Matip's first goal for Liverpool powered in at Selhurst Park. Well, again, it's just a brilliant ball in. Reception ahad from Coutinho. And that's as free a header as you like from Matip. Andanda does well to react. Nobody near him, whatsoever. Tompkins is chasing him. Toussaint Pallas offensively all over the place. If you see it again, Tompkins is marking him but he gets caught with the group of players and he tries to get round the back of the group of players to mark his man and it is poor defending. We praised him a minute ago, Tompkins, but this time it was down to him. great delivery as well from Coutinho beautifully flighted in well it's been the first half of the season so far has been in the Premier League five goals and Liverpool ahead for the third time in 44 minutes I'm almost certain it's not going to finish 3-2 definitely more goals than this he won't be happy defensively or offensively they've been magnificent Liverpool he'll be even less happy defensively in the moment won't see Alan Pardew sure he'll be saying to his players at half-time that you can legislate for Liverpool scoring goals with the slick football but the fact they've considered two from corners will infuriate him they've got quite a significant height advantage as well Crystal Palace has a team here today just been second best on set pieces the delivery has been exceptional from Liverpool people willing to go with the ball Liverpool have been better in that phase and Scott down on his way in and no defender got more goals in the league than he did last season