and we'll see what the respective sides have learned from their managers during the half-time break. Zaha renewing hostilities with Moreno straight away and then nicking it back off Emre Can, but into Walter McArthur who's on a hat trick don't forget Here's Ward Moreno in with a challenge and then the foul committed by McArthur we saw some mistakes in the first half another one from Chen there getting caught in possession but Moreno good job defensively and the body on McArthur I think I'm right in saying that no crystal pattern there player has ever scored a hat-trick against Liverpool in the history of the fixture MacArthur has a chance in the second half those two headers in the first half the fact that Crystal Palace conceded three in the first 45 minutes means they've done that in back-to-back league matches they conceded three at Leicester last weekend they've not done that all season before last weekend now they've done it twice in two weeks and they left some glaring holes in the first half particularly from corners for Liverpool to exploit the Lana hits his straight at Kawhi his Firmino now Matip Lee was in there for Crystal Palace I wonder whether Alan Pardew has said that anything at half-time to try and get the Crystal Palace player nearer to Philippe Coutinho who pretty much ran the show didn't he in the first half last now Robbie it's all over the pitch took up terrific positions that was him I think I bring Lee off and Townsend on he's got to go for it a little bit more but the point about the team you know such a great plan but he goes and gets marked out there on the fullback and then every week he does he's allowed to drift and then suddenly Lana goes into his area it's very difficult to pin those two down and that's what works so well for a little bit I'm looking again just sitting in that space it's virtually impossible to pick up another back for inside of compliance are I think the general consensus is that continues distribution and decision-making has been of a higher standard this season maybe that's a sign of his maturity developing of the Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool as a side have been so fluid more so than last season it's the first yellow card I don't think Andre Mariner had time to show any in the first half and Ray Chan gets it for Liverpool nice just late on Kaubai there's the nastiest file hasn't been the most aggressive game the chance for James Tompkins to try and pick out Dan or Ben Teke from the Crystal Palace free kick it's in towards Scott Dan and helped on towards Ben Teke who hit it on the turn Karius is in the right place for Liverpool but it's those two combining at the set piece for Crystal Palace both teams struggling to defend and this bear tragedy threw him the verge McArthur again gambling really go reaction from careers peacefulThe First Corner of the game new Ben tec-k starting that runест moving into the box its into God spence again Carius quickly and cinta from where the crystal palace applied a three to all the adviser with a Crystal Palace player free kicks gone Liverpool's way but that's some work to do before that with the header from Benteke every ball in the box has been dangerous again Benteke winning it good save hands from Karius and he just tries to throw this very quickly wants to start the counter-attack through the chance from Benteke see there, Macarthur just grabs it out of his hands it's a clear foul Macarthur around the ball in the penalty area again illegally this time there's a slight difference already here Palace I think Alain Pardew said look from goal kicks this can impress them and they've done it well there get the crowd going that's what they need they need that sort of press in can they change the tactics and the come out and be a bit more assertive be on the front foot as Ian was saying at half-time and they're very negative in their tactics first now Macarthur has had a couple of poor clearances the greatest of distribution still very new isn't he in the Premier League Loris Carrier starting his fifth successive Premier League match today broke his hand in pre-season which held him back a little bit here's Zaha Firmino challenged quickly by Tompkins and then Kibai was in there much quicker this time on Coutinho seem a little bit quicker to the ball down the second half Crystal Palace now Benteke Lee now Kelly Benteke Benteke Benteke Benteke Benteke Benteke Benteke Benteke Then it goes towards Macarthur and away by Lovren for Liverpool as far as Zaha Joel Ward slips away from Coutinho and then a little bit too much on the cross but I think they're going to get a corner for it they are it took a Liverpool deflection on the way in Alan Fardew was screaming for it Well they've been more positive in this second half Bede in possession getting in Liverpool's house Bede in possession getting in Liverpool's house seen the ball in from Ward over deflection Johan Cabaye out to take the Crystal Palace corner on the mental watch Benteke and Dan but Ledley and Tompkins provide some height in there as well goes into the feet of Zaha Moreno got a foot in and Liverpool can bring it away with Adam Lallana strange decision that when they're so good at set pieces Crystal Palace with the aerial threat yeah letting them off the hook in their Achilles heel all season just get it in the box Liverpool have conceded 17 set piece goals under Jurgen Klopp if there is an Achilles heel to them as Owens just said it is the fact that they find it hard to defend set pieces, corners in particular the game has a ridiculous tempo Cabaye towards Zaha and Moreno across forward by Tompkins Coutinho got a little nut strong Ward which just took his balance away Zaha then challenged by Emre Can here's Coutinho Mane's made the run through the middle Coutinho found him brilliantly Sadio Mane saved by Mondanda the vision again of Philippe Coutinho first class unbelievable vision from Coutinho Mane with a terrific run and Mondanda with a brilliant save Mane makes some runs because he knows that the weight of pass is going to be perfect and it three or four times it has been Lallana hits one and Mondanda with everything behind it oh Coutinho's got a good shot he's got a good shot he's got a good shot oh Coutinho just putting on a clinic just watch the weight of that pass he doesn't have to change stride beautiful pass it's a ridiculous ball from Coutinho he's just he's playing at another level Mane in his form expect to score that terrific reaction from Mondanda of course that's the conundrum for Crystal Palace in the second half as they press for an equaliser Liverpool among the best around at hitting you on the counter attack going the other way and there you can see the scores from this afternoon in the Premier League big wins today for Arsenal and Manchester City to consolidate their positions in the top two places in the Premier League Burnley got a draw against 10-man Manchester United at Old Trafford the boys will discuss all of those scores on Premier League tonight from 8 o'clock Owen's going to join Wrighty and Maka along with Jake in the studio on by Benteke away by Matip Emre Can a run beyond Joe Ledley but Martin Kelly got back nicely for Crystal Palace now Xabi Omane Coutinho now Maka of the Palace Christian Benteke Zaha has made the run to fill the gap in the middle Macarthur's in there again Benteke doing really well he's the quickest he does well against Lovren Coutinho just trying to quote away from Kabay good aggressive tackle just stands on Coutinho as he tries to jump over him he's not happy Coutinho Benteke certainly a player with a point to prove this afternoon didn't really become a regular in the Liverpool team for a variety of reasons didn't seem to fit the style of play lost his place to Di Moccariegi towards the end of the season the business end of Liverpool's campaign Liverpool! Liverpool! Liverpool! it's definitely a better tempo though about Crystal Palace since the restart Glendon a bit more intent as well although they've lost it here in a dangerous position yeah the intent on the front foot they look sharp but there's certainly been words at half time from Alan Paldra that's for sure and I think we can repeat them here they've definitely come out on the front foot everyone getting forward pressing and prepared to run beyond the ball good run by Lee although the speed of Moreno gets him back there for Liverpool but it's another sign of the growing confidence in this Crystal Palace team boy does terrific just to break into that space I think it just needs that bit of quality that punching can provide at Townsend opportunities for both teams down by Benteke here's Johan Cabaye Christian Benteke straight to Karius who got there in time ahead of MacArthur it's the first real clear sight of goal in open play for Benteke oh Benteke wins the header it's a really good chance for Benteke he's got to hit that at the back post just gets it caught in his feet it's an easy save for Karius in the end there's Firmino and Ward back there the fact that Firmino had lost his footing initially led to the free kick being given to Crystal Palace well he initiates the contact on Ward great recognition from the referee he's down Ward he's played at a frantic pace did you just hear that chance there from Benteke he just couldn't get round it could he he opens his body up a little bit more and he has to go for that far post as Owen said but great chance maybe the set up ball from Cabaye could have been better here's Lee Cabaye to Benteke Moussaaha Moreno out there for Liverpool here's Benteke again chance to set it then Lee ran out of the room in the end he's come inside in this second half trying to get on the ball then Lee Benteke in the box again takes up a terrific position just that empoward look in those moments getting those situations Coutinho's been the difference maker for Liverpool got a couple on the bench Palace Zaha's running back can run at Liverpool within tenth and he's gone down and Andre Marriner had a look at the ball and then at the assistant Zaha carries on Benteke in there so is Cabaye and arriving in the middle of the second half nick of time with his goalkeeper was Nathaniel Klein at Palace Field they should have had a penalty Palace players can't believe it Zaha goes down early that's a dive just goes down far too easy somehow it just comes right back to him that's clumsy from Matip on Benteke right in front of the referee just falls to Cabaye and Klein does incredibly well to get a clearance in but again this game is a game of chance he's played at a frantic pace you know a strong referee in by the way if he doesn't think there's any contact there there's three opportunities where the crowd are buying for it the players are running towards him strong referee in he's said no to all of them gave a late penalty last season didn't he the 96th minute to Liverpool Benteke scored it they won 2-1 but Andre Marriner didn't see anything wrong there so Palace have the corner with the heavyweights in the middle one of them is Dan that's where it was going and away by Lovren and Mane couldn't quite get beyond Lee Crystal Palace have got substitutes warming up Jason Puntjen and Andros Townsend have been mentioned but it's Zeki Friars and Mattia Flamini the two players who are going through the warm-up routine at the moment for Palace here's Coutinho Adam Lallana and Carth are in there Liverpool were afforded a lot more time in possession than that in the first half by Crystal Palace oh Palace have pressed the ball really well in this second half so many errors in passing from both teams and so much space to break and Sadio Mane Firmino and Coutinho supporting it Henderson and Chan arriving as well Coutinho and away by Dan given away by Moreno to McArthur Zaha couldn't keep his balance it's a foul by Ward I think Ward's done a good job of being aggressive for Coutinho just overdoes it in this situation but you've got to get tight to Coutinho gives away the free kick just try and force him into some of those errors he's been so good in possession Coutinho you're not going to keep this from him and strive to get to him to bouncing De Gea he diminishes pytanie Breakout Buddy Naiчи game two away away prayer that's where away break whatever what it's like to have Man City get the free kick they need more impact the game will depend whether they can win this league this year or not away by ward ward gets there again in front of sammy o'marnay confirmation of the yellow card that was shown was in fact to johan kabai who's now one yellow card away from a suspension so felino the last touch came off him yes fraser campbell is warming up as well now for uh crystal palace it looks as though andros townsend is going to be the first change townsend who hasn't been one of the players up and down the touchline the regularity of mattia flamini but he's the player that you were talking about oh and to bring on and maybe uh just change it a little bit for crystal palace well he just has some end product and that some shorts can provide assists get crosses in for penteco marley with a short one to uh chan who did well to help his teammates out now coutinho moreno's way to run beyond him still coutinho into one of the two teams that's going to be the first to come out of the game towards lalada ledley was there for palace given away by lee it's been teke kabai lee and martin kelly crystal palace will bring on andros townsend at the first available opportunity appeals for a high foot from some of the crystal palace players now clyde famino liverpool have worked the position well maybe one pass too many in the end towards coutinho that allowed joel wall to get in there and make a really important interception for crystal palace well they can break so quickly liverpool climbed that so well support man again joel water's terrific at the back post great defending so there's ledley now macarthur adam lalana was in there for liverpool and then nathaniel klein can clear but only to kabai famino back helping out scott dan former liverpool season ticket holder scott dan grew up on merseyside he's going to be a big part of the final of the league he's going to be a big part of the league here at california but it's going to be a big part of the league and that's what we'll see and we'll see what happens as it comes down to him so let's see how he does down towards benteke too high for lover and it's got a bit of a nudge there though lover from christian venteke and let's just bring in howard webb howard you've got a view on those two penalty appeals for crystal palace yeah flex for years people have talked about the couple with the cold green intimidating homsdale road at crystal palace could be just as much intimidating here you see Andre might have been really strong Zaha no contact from Lovren not a penalty on this one Matic plays the ball the pressure on Andre to give a penalty at full speed is huge but he's got them both absolutely right thank you Howard Howard Webb who's always part of our team whether it be on BT's score in the afternoon or Premier League coverage with us and there's the change Chung Yong Lee taken off and Antros Townsend on and the first change made by Alan Parge Kelly being pressurised by Sadio Mane Matip up towards Firmino who's just looking to cushion his up there towards Mane Matip up towards Mane Zaha into Benteke it's good approach play this from Crystal Palace now Ward curing up for a cross skims off ahead of Lovren it was an important touch for the Liverpool centre back and then Mane with a clearance just a shine there where it was a good play by Mane Matip Montes Mane Mane Benteke to Townsend Mane Now McArthur, Klein in there for Liverpool. Then Liverpool maybe just need to make a change, get a foothold back in the game. It's the pass they've really come into it this second half. Got so many great options on the bench. Well, now one of those players can draw the tempo. There's Townsend, Matip there. Townsend's going to get the opportunity, although the flag's gone up. Against Crystal Palace. There's Daniel Sturridge, who's had to start off on the bench again today. Got a couple of goals against Spurs in the League Cup in midweek, but he's very much a player off the bench for Jurgen Klopp in league terms these days. Lucas Leiva, another one of the Liverpool players who are warming up at the moment. And then there's the Mané to Firmino. Now Lallana. Coutinho. Coutinho just found one defender too many in the way. Cabaye just wants to go back and have a word with Liverpool's Brazilian. Now McArthur. Benchmark. Ntke. Wilfried Zaha. He's gone down again, but again Andre Mariner shakes the head this time from slightly further away. But he was pretty confident in his decision straight away there, the referee. Well, he was quite a long way away. And again, I think he's going down too easy, Zaha. It's not enough, is it? He's going to have the beating of Chan. If he just gets him 1v1. Gets him a terrific position. There's two way forward. And some impact there. Bottles allowing Zaha another americk l 말�to. It's like a final toøberndschван Trint. And Snegewick thinks it's time to count the ac patriots coming together, sacramentals from the referee, Okay. Come and fail. And now Char while our ready for post Mirror, running post. Bridge or Jackson net as far as of the one and two is always down there and over out. Come. We go. Let's vibe it out. So giving the ball to the quality attracts the other+. There's only one way to stop that. Henderson's ball to Firmino. Oh, look at that. Delicate little finish from Roberto Firmino. Fantastically taken goal. It's a breathtaking goal from Liverpool. Absolutely stunning. Liverpool are just so good to watch offensively. And Henderson just finds himself in a terrific spot. Look at this for a spot for Firmino. Look at that gap from the two centre-backs and Palace. All over the place. And Danza forced to come out and try and win it. It's just a terrific ball. Forward passes, forward runs. What about that for a think over the keeper? That's a wonderful finish. It's the way to pass again as we're talking. Coutinho, whether it's Henderson, won the ball in the middle third. Won two passes, forward ball, and Palace just out of position. Again, defensively, but a fantastic, fantastic finish. It really is. And just at a time when Palace were coming back into the game. And that's the great answer that Liverpool say to everyone. We're real contenders in this Premier League race. Firmino was booked for the celebration, taking the shirt off. So he's on a yellow card. It's his fifth goal of the season. And he scored here at Selhurst Park for the second season in a row. And it's the biggest bit of breathing space that Liverpool have had in the matchup. It comes at a bad time for Crystal Palace, Owen, when they were pressing for an equaliser. That's the thing. They were pressing. Played a lot better in the second half, but Liverpool are just so dangerous. And that's the difference, the quality in the final third. Brilliant ball from Henderson. Great awareness. And it's a stunning finish from Firmino, who's making that centre-forward position his. Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! Firmino! You wonder what the next twist is going to be in this very interesting club. He was hoping to make a change to influence the game positively, and now he finds his team two goals behind again. There's Wolfrey Zaha. Joel Ward Lallana's back there for Liverpool now McArthur Ledley, Zaha beaten away by Karius the way they've defended today, Liverpool at times they need to score four again, acres of space for Zaha just caught up the pitch space for Zaha to run into, Lallana gets across straight at Karius who does well to react I think as good as they are going forward Liverpool they are a genuine title pretender, they need to sort out defensively Jason Punchin who's started every game for Crystal Palace before he missed the match at Leicester last Saturday comes off the bench with 16 and a half minutes to go and his team 4-2 down there's Kelly it's going to be a Liverpool ball it's the start of the big week well next week's going to be a big week certainly in European terms on BT Sport, Manchester City, Barcelona Tuesday 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 and 4K UHD and at Tottenham against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday that's on BT Sport 2 and 4K UHD as well as every other Champions League match exclusively live on BT Sport 2 and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD and 4K UHD on BT Sport Liverpool are going to make their first change as well and Jorginho Wijnaldum is about to come on we think for Adam Lallana so pretty much a like for like change for Jurgen Klopp Wijnaldum who's been out with a hip problem I think the one thing I think for Liverpool looking at that midfield as good as it is I just don't think they have a real defensive thinking player in there I think McCarthy getting two goals from midfield I think they're going to have a real defensive thinking player in there but not a terrific at dictating the tempo but not a defensive minded player just think maybe they need a defensive body a Lucas type maybe he's never scored a goal away from home in English football he's he had to score his first goal for Liverpool and all of them Wijnaldum's goals for Newcastle last season came at St. James' Park and he's got to score and he's got to score and he's got to score and he's got to score and he's got to score and he's got to score and he's got to score off goes Adam Lallana I know he's a player that you greatly admire absolutely Heidi Sow is a talented player and he's coming back from injury and I think the manager's protecting him a little bit but I think it's also tactically I think he's going to try and put a three in there and stabilise it in that midfield but I agree with Owen there's no defensive minded really player out there at the moment but collectively I've been impressed with the way they've defended Liverpool they were under the cosh 3-2 Palace were coming back at them but they didn't win they didn't win they didn't win they didn't go expansive they kept nice and tight and kept the back four intact a little bit and they've got the fourth goal so Wijnaldum comes on he lost 5-1 here last season with Newcastle but he got 90 minutes under his belt against Tottenham in the League Cup on Tuesday Jurgen Klopp made 11 changes from the weekend 10 of the players have come back in today so they should be relatively fresh and of course without the European matches that others challenging for the title have got in this coming year it's Oldenburg over which it's coming once again Ul 미국 hudl comeback be forced to rest completely we know that this is a difficult moment from the Stade de Relations but what does that means for an duo that I wanted to speak about and we were talking about the following match the best means for llevalli van As Students to beat the spark pirates leg일� красив leg일� Woo let's do this let's do this this little track is coincidental that the stadium doesn't share the queer Hayley let's go heart time against Brazil but there's another great win here and Eldon hadn't spotted him. We've got Europa League football as well in the coming week. Fenerbahce-Manchester United Thursday at half-past five. That's on BT Sport 3. United in Istanbul, and the following night, Southampton against Inter Milan Thursday, 7.45, at BT Sport 2, 4K UHD. That one straight after the Manchester United match. Southampton, who are lucky to lose in the San Siro. A couple of weeks ago. I think the big concern for Alan Pardew at the moment is the home form for Crystal Palace. Six wins in 18 it'll be if they lose this one today. West Brom and West Ham have won here this season. It's Firmino looking again. Liverpool 3, kick to the foul on Wijnaldum. Liverpool 3, kick to the foul on Wijnaldum. The league run in 2016 is three league wins out of 13 before today, which translates to 11 points out of 39, which I always think is one of the more baffling statistics when you think of how difficult it appears, when you think of how difficult it appears, when you think of how difficult it appears, to be here at Selhurst Park. Here's Mane. And Townsend was back there. All hands to the pumps at the back for Crystal Palace. It was actually good defending, wasn't it, from the winger? He's got back in there and tapped round on the cover. It was another goal opportunity for Liverpool, but back doing his duties. Henderson up towards Mane. Away by Martin Kelly. And then Tompkins. Townsend to McArthur. On towards Zaha. Away by Moreno. Given away then, though, by Kelly to Jorginho Wijnaldum. Here's Coutinho. Cabaye got a foot in. Coutinho, though, is determined. And the shot straight into Mondonda. No, I feel sorry for Mondonda. He's made some terrific saves. Liverpool have four. Could have had plenty more. Again, Coutinho is here to train at Mondonda. Coutinho. 16 attempts on target, or on goal for Liverpool today. Nine of them on target. It's a similar statistical line that we saw against West Brom last weekend. I think they managed 21 goal attempts at home against the Baggies last weekend. And had something around 70% possession as well. A pretty dominant team at the moment. Aren't they, Liverpool? Well, they've got the most shots on target of any team in the league. Second in possession. A dominant attacking force. Especially the energy they play with. The way they press. This Liverpool team has everything. Sadio Mane. Now Henderson. Mane gliding forward. Looking to tee it up towards Firmino. A feeling for handball in there. Andre Mane. Marnat. And a good view is it. As he's proved already today, he's not going to be swayed by public opinion. He's been strong today. But of all the good play offensively that we're talking about Liverpool, and rightly so over weeks after weeks. But for me also, Matip coming in the centre half has been outstanding defensively. I know he scored today. It's not just that goal he scored. But week in and week out, he really has strengthened defensively. Liverpool have beaten in nine matches. That's với Joel Matip as centre-back coming into today's match. Well that will extend to double figures, if they can see how. The remaining 10 minutes or so, we're going to see another change I think, for Crystal Palace. Fraser Campbell is going to be coming on. He's preparing himself at the moment on the Palace bench. Firmino to Coutinho. Wijnaldum has made the run. Coutinho went for the boot, with the outside of the boot. And played with so much confidence, isn't he? Well he is human, he actually overheats one for once. Firmino, centre tackle.. And then the referee's had a terrific game. This one just comes too quick. He's got no chance to react. McArthur, again, another terrific decision from the referee. Just hits him. He's put his hand up, hasn't he? Because he knows he's going to run into Tompkins. And the ball struck the hand. Howard agrees with that one too. So he's having a pretty good game, Andre Marra, according to our official, Howard Webb. Not sure we've had this universal agreement, very often, since Howard's been with us. Sav's not up here. And the referee deserves a ton of credit. Ben Klopp's team have been exceptional offensively, but the referee's done a great job of managing the game. T. Pratt, who's shaking his head. I can't believe it. Liverpool have four. Unless they could have had six or seven easily. I don't think going up there, they can. They've got seems to be. There you have it. vilow 너 пад ghost Goal goal Mane. Firmino to Emre Cane Good ball floated forward by Can to Clyne on the end there. One Eldon. free kick for Liverpool Andre Maradona judging that Ben Teke got his arm across the front of Matip and he did again terrific refereeing his arms too high which catches Matip that's a definite foul isn't he he's had a little glance as the ball was in the air as well I don't think he's led with the elbow but he's certainly come across his throat and took him out I think now it's become fashionable or common to spend 40 million on a centre-back to get one that good on a free it shows teams have to do the business be well organized there's great bargains out there hit him under on the other side and it costs a million and a half it's been a great addition to this power's team it's not the ball that Ward was looking for I know we talk about Jurgen Klopp and he quite rightly gets plenty of praise because of the way he's gone about his job since he arrived at Liverpool but one thing you can never doubt with him is his powers of recruitment I mean he did it at Borussia Dortmund so successfully didn't he we're seeing it again here at Liverpool he doesn't have to spend lots and lots of money to get very good players who he feels he can help get better I think first and foremost he wants good players but he wants players to work sometimes you get a superstar that they buy into the philosophy in the system I think what makes this Liverpool team so special they're so versatile they don't rely on one player to get them goals I think about Lallana he's got so many attacking players of course if Crystal Palace could score the next goal in the match it would set us up for a grandstand finish well let's hope so Darren it's been a good day so far here's Joel Ward they'll get the free kick for the foul by Firmino There's Fraser Campbell. He's going to wait. I think Alan Pardew, in fact, he's not. He wants to try and make the change before the free kick's taken. And James McArthur will leave to a standing ovation. Two goals in the first half for the Crystal Palace midfielder. And on comes Fraser Campbell for the last five minutes, plus stoppage time. Andros Townsend over this free kick for Crystal Palace, which is far too near to the Liverpool goalkeeper, Loris Karius. He'll waste no time in trying to get to Coutinho going the other way. Mondonda out, waiting for it. Coutinho to Firmino, punch in there for Palace. Azaha. Fraser Campbell's got up to play alongside Ben Teke. There's punch in. Hits it well. It was always rising that little bit too much for the moment it left his left boot. I think he's one of those players with his power team he needs to play so good offensively and create and score goals as well. I think they missed him this evening. Two Premier League matches for you next weekend. The usual slot on a Saturday tea time is Chelsea against Everton. Five o'clock we start. BT Sport, 1HD and 4K UHD. I'm really looking forward to this one on Sunday. Arsenal against Spurs. The North London derby. Lunchtime kick-off. The coverage starts at 11.15. We'll be right back. What about the man of the match, Owen? I think Liverpool offensively have been exceptional. This man, little magician in Coutinho. Every time you watch him, he just gets better and better. Terrific delivery on set-piece. It's just another breathtaking performance. Probably the informed player in the Premier League. I think it's the second successive Saturday, isn't it, that he's got the man of the match. In our game, Coutinho, there's a little no-look pass to Sadio Mane. No-look pass. And then Coutinho and Mondanda there. Just had a little cheeky look to the left, Clem, didn't he? And passed the ball out to the right. Yeah, well, that's when the player's playing with immense confidence. And he's got that ability. And you let him do that because he's got that ability. You know, some players try it and you think, well, what are you trying, son? But this fella, he's got the skills to go with it. There's an offside flag up here against Crystal Palace. Owen mentioned, I think it might have been you, Clem, in the first half, mentioning basketball. Magic Johnson used to pass the ball around like that, where he looked one way. He went the other. The thing is, he's still finding space now. 88 minutes. Look at this one. No-look of that. Makes the game look so easy. Could have had another one. Aside from Mondanda. He's conceded four. And he's played quite well. Also, the right time to do it. 4-2 up. Does that do it at the right time? It's not unprofessional. It's confidence. Well, his day's done. Divock Origi coming on for what remains of the match. Philippe Coutinho. Coutinho can take a sit-down on the bench and be satisfied by what he's done today. I think he's one of those players. The form he's in. Some of the bigger teams are going to come calling. Barca, Real. He will just... I think he can play in any team in the world. I think he's got a great thing here at Liverpool. Building something special. Wilfried Zaha. And now Fraser Campbell. See, that's what Liverpool are about as well. Firmino gives the ball away. He's prepared. You said it earlier, Owen, about no superstars that are not going to work. And he's run 60 yards to win the ball back for them. Henderson's served to step in this time. Liverpool don't face a contender until Manchester City visit Anfield on New Year's Eve. They play Watford's Anfield next weekend before the international break. They've got Sunderland, Bournemouth, West Ham and Middlesbrough all on the immediate schedule. I know sometimes those matches... can be fraught with danger. But the form that Liverpool are in at the moment, you would expect a pretty significant points haul before they lock horns with Manchester City in their final match of 2016. I think you'd say he's ahead of schedule in terms of this Liverpool team. Already joined top of the league. The best attacking forces they have. Only one window, one window to get in players. He built something. He built something special at Dortmund. I don't think there's any tonight. He's building something here at Liverpool. Four additional minutes. No foul on Origi. Ragnar Klavan is going to be coming on. Liverpool are going to make their final change. Moreno with the defending. Another player, good addition from the Bundesliga, Nussim Will from Augsburg. Very reliable centre-back. There's great balance to the team. Another good addition. Not overspent on some of these centre-backs. They've all played a part in this team. Recruitment's been very good for Liverpool. Andros Townsend. Crystal Palace are at Burnley next weekend. Their last match before the internationals. Funchon slips it in. And now Wilfried Zaha. And Fraser Campbell was the player that Zaha was looking to pick out. They've kept going, Pallas. Funchon's had a good impact. And plenty of bodies forward. It's behind Campbell. Liverpool just too good for them. Too good attacking force. Sadio Mane, the player going off for Ragnar Klavan. Here's another one, Glenn Ittiny. Mane, who is really relishing this fluidity in the Liverpool team. The fact he can play on either side and through the middle. Pop up in positions where he can hurt the opposition. He's loving that. And I just wondered when he came to a bigger club, with disrespect to Southampton, but I wondered whether he could have the discipline to play back-to-back games and be consistent. And he's chipped in defensively. He's done that. He's popped up with goals. He's got that little bit of pace that's a little bit different to Coutinho and Lallana. He's prepared to go in behind defenders. And they've got beautiful balance going forward. Look what they really have. And he's got a good He's got a good Firmino still working hard defensively for Liverpool. I mean, when you send a forward walks out after the team, we had a United when we won the league in Champions League. Tevez and Rooney up top. Absolutely dominant defensively. He's actually been brought out here on the right-hand side. And Moreno's pushed forward on the left there. so off we go at Sellhurst Park, Crystal Palace in the red and blue strikes beaten by West Ham and Leicester in their last two matches Liverpool in their chain strip on a 10 match unbeaten run in all competitions and with top spot in the Premier League in their sights Owen Hargreaves, good afternoon, what are you expecting from this one today? I think this is what we're going to see for the majority of the game Palace dropping in, trying to play on the counter-attack but Liverpool, terrific start to the season so great to watch, good attacking football I expect Liverpool to try and match Man City in Arsenal, get a big and poor win Sadio Mane's nicked it back here for Liverpool Clymer the first chance to cross against his old side and Firmino was in a dangerous area as far as Liverpool were concerned as an attacking unit Palace have won three of the last four meetings between the teams the sole Liverpool success during that run was here in Man City Liverpool have won four of their last five games away from home including a 2-1 win at Chelsea the last time they were in London Jurgen Klopp delighted with the way that his team have started the Premier League season Zaha Zaha first bit of defence first bit of defence first bit of defence was brought in by Kerr then from the flat venue OM является Man Church Man City based and we leave the position at New願 Manchester City which is up and 총 properly in towards MacArthur and Jordan Henderson who was suspended in the League Cup on Tuesday against Tottenham was there to clear for Liverpool Crystal Palace have only won two of their last eight matches here at Selhurst Park in all competitions against Liverpool and they're just in a bit of a flat spot, they were in fine form before the last international break but they've not really been able to get going like they were since then Liverpool looking to keep in touch with Manchester City and Arsenal who both had emphatic victories in the Premier League today, for Liverpool to go to the top they'd have to win by six goals today to go second above Arsenal they'd need to win by four you can see how Owen was saying at the beginning of the game it's a real halfway line press Palace are dropping Benteke right into that halfway line it's almost like a basketball type of game when you drop off make all the distances very difficult to break you down and that's the tactics for Palace today James Tomkins with a foot in on Sadio Mane and there's no secret in the fact that Crystal Palace will need to tighten up defensively today they're only clean sheet this season but against Blackpool in a League Cup tie in August only Burnley and Manchester United have prevented Liverpool from scoring in their last 30 domestic matches in all competitions it might well be the key element of the game today and whether Crystal Palace can slow down Liverpool that so many teams have found it hard to do in the early weeks of the season here's Moreno and now Lovren Joel Matip who hasn't lost in the Liverpool side so far here's Moreno and now Firmino lots and lots of fluidity about those front players for Liverpool Moreno looking to spin in Lallana arrives on the scene going for the ball and another b rece把它 Essex am forgotten so the real"- more son Telegram 1960 play up to get them goals or assists so flexible so versatile such a great attack so well balanced Emre Can now Henderson Adam Lallana the offside flag up against Nathaniel Klein Nathaniel Klein is back in his old club he signed for Crystal Palace as a teenager from Tottenham and his debut in the first team as a 17 year old and it's a tight one there go on there. It's very tight he's gone to go in behind isn't he made a great run originally for Henderson Henderson gave it to Lallana but it was fractions wasn't it? The full backs for Liverpool they're playing like they're at Anfield they're so high and Moreno's on the ball down the left hand side Klein is like a wall and he's got to get it in the back of the net. Winger is on the shoulder of the fullback and that drags the wingers back Lee's having to come all the way back and it's very difficult for Palace when they do win the ball are they able to get out on the ball Andre Mariner in charge of this game today refereed the match last season between the sides as well he sent James Milner off and awarded a 96 minute penalty for Liverpool he's been there a referee for red cards as well not wanting to tempt fate here he's shown five red cards in eight matches this season including three in a game in one of the European fixtures that he's had crocheted at the substitutions true scores sold out in the GC was between Liverpool and Westeters709asa.ca Robertson another break and it's if it was Ruzsa dedication and his feet running at Reina that's a problem to them Lallana pulls it back to Firmino and now Chan Coutinho some defending for Ward to do and in the end he did enough it's already clear to see though isn't it Owen they're gonna pack the penalty area Palace when Liverpool have got it yeah they're getting so many bodies forward look how many bodies Palace are back having having the full backs provide Liverpool with that width that means the wingers can come inside pick up positions inside support Firmino to see from the possession starts there Liverpool dominating so far and see the scores from the afternoon fixes in the Premier League going through the screen at the bottom a big win for Arsenal Manchester United down to ten men held at home by Burnley left the city with a point away from home at Tottenham and a big win for Manchester City at the Hawthorns against West Bromwich Albion which is a solidified their place at the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures that we've seen in the Premier League and the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures that we've seen in the Premier League and the top of the table we'll talk about all of those fixtures on the Premier League tonight from eight o'clock on BT Sport the center by Johan Cabot it's a case of plugging the gaps isn't it for Crystal Palace so far in the match and they've done it successfully up to now said chung young Lee has been and he's done it successfully up to now said chung young Lee has been brought into at a bit of a defensive guile to the palisade in place of antros brought into at a bit of a defensive guile to the palisade in place of antros ramps in today Coutinho sends it forward ramps in today Coutinho sends it forward it's awkward for Kelly Marne couldn't control it and that Joe Ledley there get it's awkward for Kelly Marne couldn't control it and that Joe Ledley there get back in there for Crystal Palace followed up that sequence of three straight Premier League wins before the followed up that sequence of three straight Premier League wins before the international break with a pole air upset Concord trapped in poison's vision control but they got a two point lead with a point from games against Everton West Ham and Leicester although Alan Pardew felt that he deserved more from the game of the King Power Stadium certainly last weekend where they created lots of opportunities Joel Matip for Liverpool force here for Sadio Mane and then Matip had stayed forward Azaha there's Benteke Moreno was onto it quickly the heavy first touch from Benteke helping Liverpool out now Coutinho and away by Tompkins Alberto Moreno now Coutinho Henderson to Mane now Chan and then intercepted and cleared away by Tompkins Coutinho in firmly on MacArthur now Henderson Sadio Mane Nathaniel Clines made his way forward from right back for Liverpool and Martin Kelly the Liverpool old boy over there to clear it away for Crystal Palace you can see how narrow Liverpool's front three are playing I mean very much so inside Palace just crowding it out with so many bodies and the difficult thing for Palace is when they get position struggling just to keep it Benteke is very isolated goodbye challenge by Chan no foul Andre Marriner was pretty much on the spot for that one and and and , straight to counter that free throw by the Van Mayer is his BB king who had a great play over initalia but then Mamani rather made him back to the wing on Robert Sarai직ou but Jan seinen with the wing made him back to the wall and he till bank was of loss scr Obs SPEAKER 1 1 firearms brother of penso離 in there on the follow-up challenge now Kelly Johan Cabaye that Matip had spotted that one that was on its way towards Ben Teke Zaha working hard on Chan Andre Mariner happy for the game to carry on Tompkins out to Kelly away by Matip there's Scott down who's back at centre-half alongside James Tompkins for Crystal Palace today got a goal at Anfield last season he's missed the last four matches Alan Pardew was talking in the build-up to the match about his threat from set pieces but very very happy the Crystal Palace manager to have Scott down back at centre-half today especially against a side who score as many goals and create as many chances as Liverpool do it's a good solid defender isn't it there but for me that's a Cabaye just over hits that one but they're gonna get Cabaye on the ball every time he gets the ball he looks forward and if you're gonna count the teams you've got to play that ball forward the first pass and a couple of times he's already done it this in this game and that's what Palace are gonna look at in the next half of the season. look for there's Emre Can there's Emre Can Klopp has just been having a room with Sadio Mane on the other side of the pitch for Liverpool just indicating I think for him to stay a little bit wider and try and create one or two gaps that Liverpool might be able to exploit in the Palace back line they're just moving the ball a little bit too slowly too many touches fans really well organized just need to move the ball quicker make those runs in behind Mane so terrific at it just stretch this Crystal Palace team Mane just stretch this Crystal Palace team Coutinho to Moreno Zaha across for Palace that's the example there Fletcher the back four staying in there Moreno's carried on running forward and Emre Can's coming through and it took a deflection in Liverpool lead and it was the slick one-touch passing from Liverpool to open up Crystal Palace and Emre Can was there to finish it off for his first goal of the season well just said it make forward runs forward runs and forward passes and Liverpool do just that Moreno giving great width to this Liverpool team look how many bodies Liverpool get forward quick play that's a terrific ball very tight but Moreno makes a terrific run that's a great take from Chan might just take a deflection yeah it comes off Scott-Dan but this little ball here is when Zaha has been asked to play almost like a right back just switches off for a second Moreno gets in there and he's got it in the back of the net they're in behind the defense and pulls it back and that kills you but when you're asking your wingers to come back there and concentrate as a defender they've only got to switch off for a second Moreno gives you that such a great athlete so quick given them great width the final touch on that Emre Can shot off Scott-Dan not an awful lot that he could do about it but it certainly took it away from Mondanda didn't it in the Crystal Palace goal that was impossible for Scott-Dan and Mondanda I think terrific from Emre Can getting forward in those positions it's a familiar situation but not a happy one for Alan Pardew and Crystal Palace they've now been behind in nine of the 12 games they played this season and it extends the run in the Premier League to 50-100 15 matches now without a clean sheet they are so susceptible to conceding goals and you make life very difficult for yourself when you concede the first one against this level of opposition and here's Sadio Mane running through and Mondanda there but it was all about the vision of Philippe Coutinho again to set him free well terrific vision look at this for a run willing run by Mane just so quick Tompkins does so well just to get a touch on that I think for Crystal Palace and Alan Pardew game plan that he had to change two of his best teams I think the best attackers are on the bench it was a mistake by Dejan Lovren and there's the goal for Crystal Palace from MacArthur well it was awful defending by Lovren had an open goal for James MacArthur and Crystal Palace are level and the world's goal for Crystal Palace number 18 James MacArthur James it's just poor defending from Liverpool ball just bounces it's awful from Lovren just straight to MacArthur Lewis Carries in a difficult position doesn't know whether to come or stay just from nothing one long ball Lovren makes a mess of that and that's brave from MacArthur that's his third goal of the season getting forward Carries just stays on his line doesn't know whether to come or stay for Lovren for me it's there's a time to try and play football and a time to clear your area just get rid of the ball and the defense is going to be a bit more difficult for them just get rid of the ball and the defense is going to be a bit more difficult for them just scored the last thing they want to do is is give the goal away and it's horses for courses doing the right thing at the right time Moreno with the ball in towards Firmino now Henderson wide open field to the game all of a sudden in towards Firmino again and Ward was there doing enough for Palace he'll now get the goal kick I remember one of my managers said to me never play square in Lovren just to square in Lovren just a header from Matip and it's awful from Lovren Carthaway does well just gambles and they needed that Al-Abbadi Get him back in this game Lovren can't believe it Well a look on Jurgen Klopp's face tells the story he can't believe it, he does finish it with a smile but it was a smile of irony more than anything else and Liverpool who have gotten the lead and throughout the game have won the rematch Emre Can's deflected shot, pegged back almost straight away by Crystal Palace. It's been so frustrating for him because Liverpool play such fantastic football, open football, technical football in the opponent's halves, they have to earn a lot to get their goals and suddenly they just give something away like that and that must be so frustrating for them. They've got to eradicate these poor goals they're giving away. You mentioned the fact that Crystal Palace have gone 15 games in the league since a clean sheet, Liverpool have only kept one so far this season in the league. There's good defending by Tompkins again on Sadio Mane who seems to be operating a bit more through the middle, doesn't he, in the early stages here for Liverpool. Just a terrific awareness, just realising the space they're running behind. Tinho always looking to pick players out. Tompkins again does terrific just to get a body on him. I think with Mane, I think the word was start wide and then arrive in there. He's arriving through the centre. I'm thinking the guy may be in there too early. Loughran's in there with a chance to maybe make amends. Coutinho's corner cleared away and then Cabaye in with a tackle for Palace. It's very rare that there aren't goals when these two meet and a couple inside the opening 21 minutes have certainly got us started on the right track. Here at Selhurst Park and there's another one and Loughran has made a difference. With a bullet header that gave Mondonda no chance at all. I love that. That's just brilliant from Loughran for making such a dreadful mistake. You feel awful for your teammates. Liverpool started so well. Brilliant. Great character from Loughran. He's trying to get on the end of this. Terrific delivery. Loughran, he just wants it more. Great determination again. And Scott Dan right through the legs of Mondanda. It's just a brilliant ball in. Such a powerful header. Brilliant goal from Loughran. You never thought that he had him marked, did he? He didn't really get himself in the correct position. There was a little bit of a gap but we were talking about Liverpool conceding set plays. My word. It's been quite the start here at Selhurst Park. Crystal Palace 1, Liverpool 2 and that's Dejan Loughran's first goal in the Liverpool shirt since he's scored that unbelievably dramatic goal against Borussia Dortmund in the Europa League towards the end of last season. Just some beautiful football from Liverpool. That was wonderful, wasn't it? Great touches. 1 and 2. They're just so good, Liverpool. Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! 3 attempts on target and all of them converted so far. That will take that over 90 minutes, won't it? Headed out by Kelly for a Liverpool throw in. Away by Tompkins. Henderson finds Coutinho who's popping up in a variety of positions. already he's sensational was the last weekend against Westbrook particularly in the first half Liverpool's number 10 huge week of Champions League football coming up Tuesday nights an absolute cracker Manchester City you've got four at Westbrook this afternoon looking for revenge against Barcelona at Tuesday 7 o'clock BT Sport 2 HD and 4k UHD is Firmino for Liverpool who were threatening another Liverpool just keep coming just attacking in waves in the end it's just a brilliant block from Joel Ward just get a body on it there's Matty who's looking to get forward from centre-back with a fair bit of regularity in the game tends to leave at Lovren one-on-one against Benteke Henderson dropping in here's Mane still Savio Mane Firmino Lallana away by Kelly but not very far Nathaniel Klein Henderson swings it in Moreno Coutinho Moreno has made another run in behind Zaha here and he's delivered a tantalizing ball in towards Firmino Henderson to Mane breaks now for Chan Coutinho Chambers looking to play back in and then Dan got across to get the block on Emre Can's shot but Liverpool asking plenty of questions here at the Palace defence well Crystal Palace can get out Liverpool literally camped in their half goodbye there for Palace this time and at last Joel Ward can play the ball to relative safety to James McArthur and that's a good save by Liverpool. and that's a good save by Liverpool. and that's a good save by Liverpool. Here's Lallana Chan to Coutinho spun away from Ledley Klein arrives in towards Firmino away by Martin Kelly Ledley just able to reach it but Henderson was in there quickly it's fantastic pressing from Liverpool when they've lost the ball in the last third they're pressing Henderson he's intercepted three or four already this half Lovren's playing like a man possessed since he gave the goal away Mane most things have been going right for Savio Mane since he arrived from Southampton but not that time most things have been going right for Savio Mane since he arrived from Southampton but not that time just a wonderful player fits in perfectly with this Liverpool team it is again Coutinho at the heart of everything Mane making a terrific run again just getting in behind Zaha defending from Kelly just get the body off Firmino tempted to say the kind of cross that Christian Benteke didn't see anywhere near enough when he was wearing a Liverpool shirt pretty much so yes but actually you look at Zaha and you think well he's going to take on Moreno Moreno's not greatest at defending but it's the other way around but it's the other way around at the moment Moreno's the one forcing him back he's attacking and getting on the outside of Zaha and Palace have got to let Zaha sit out sometimes Lallana's made a really good run here found by Chan flicks it in towards Coutinho and Mane I think that's a difficult thing for Palace so many players making forward runs Lallana Mane can never know who to pick up so difficult for the Palace defenders we've almost got to say to Zaha sometimes on occasion let one of the central midfield players go across and help your full back you just sit out it's not cheating it's clever I agree stay up here sit out and Moreno then has to think about things well they're not keeping the ball well enough Palace so Liverpool can just keep coming Mane and that was awkward wasn't it for Dan they gave the ball away just outside their own penalty area again Johan Cabaye was the culprit this time cylinders out when it was told to defend Wilfred Zaha ran into Jordan Henderson fair tackle according to Andre Mariner Lallana can bring Liverpool the other way and now Coutinho Mane and Firmino in there with him as is Moreno again lots and lots of power just slightly off target vintage Liverpool win the ball back on the press look how many bodies break and Coutinho he's just popped up all over the pitch just great patience come inside it awareness to pick out Moreno it's been terrific just smashes it off the post Liverpool are dominant there's never been any doubt at all about Moreno as an attacking player Glenn it's the holes he sometimes leaves at the other end but he brings a dimension doesn't he down the left to Liverpool when he plays as an attacker certainly when you've got this amount of possession as well it encourages him to get forward and shows his ability but we all know is that kill his hill is is defending but again that that attack from Liverpool come from Henderson pressing winning the ball playing forward and then breaking Coutinho was looking to make it back from goodbye there of course no Milner at the side today he's been very consistent and solid but left-back that he's suffering with an illness Liverpool deciding not to bring him with a travelling party today hence why Moreno is starting in the Premier League since the opening weekend he got 90% free time after the match he got 90% free time after the match everything under wraps and he took the lead now minutes under his belt in midweek against Tottenham. Boy, I feel sorry for Leek. Trying to come inside, hasn't had many touches. We've got some Europa League football for you this week as well as the Champions League. Fenerbahce, Manchester United, half-past five on Thursday. A big game that for United. And Southampton against Inter Milan, the rematch of those two as well. You can see the Southampton-Inter Milan match of BT Sport 2HD and 4K UHD on Thursday. Lees come over to the right side to have a go at Moreno. I think he's come over this side. I think Alan Pardew's put him over here more for the defensive side. Moreno getting in as we've been saying, but now he's going back over. They're swapping again. Wouldn't be a bad idea to let Zaha go the other side. Have a go at Klein. Moreno. Just so quick. Never going to beat him for pace. I think it's just more little things, little decisions in moments. Knowing when to clear the ball, clear your lines. I think he could be a terrific left-back. Just needs to cut out some of those errors. I think offensively it gives Liverpool so much. Pogba's left-back. Nick Klopp asking the question there of the fourth official as to why the free kick was given. Didn't seem too much wrong with the challenge. On by Benteke. and they've got a goal as well, and it's come off the head of James McArthur for the second time in the game. Well, he's made some terrific runs all season. His late runs from midfield, it's just brilliant play from McArthur, just gambling. And Zahard does so well. Really good play. Panteke wins that header. Moreno just stands off Zahard. And that's just a brilliant header. Just behind Lovren, I don't think he sees him. And he just times it beautifully. And gets it, it's a stunning goal from McArthur. It's his fourth of the season. It's a lovely little cross from Zahard, isn't it? He's just cut across the ball, lovely. He's not gone for Panteke, he's put it in early, but again, we've said how well Moreno's played going forward, but he's got to get tighter. I said at the beginning, stop crosses, Liverpool must stop crosses. And he's got to get it in. So 2-2. And McArthur, who's not renowned as a goalscorer in the Premier League, has got four goals in his last six matches now. Two headers. And two attacks, essentially, from Crystal Palace, who brought a goal for them on both occasions. I think they need him to gamble for midfield, make those forward runs. And when they play with the number 10 today, that medley from Kabaye just sitting in midfield allows him to get it in. And just gamble again. It was interesting in the week that Jurgen Klopp felt the need to defend this centre-back, Matip and Lovren. And they've got more work to do here. Lovren more comfortable that time with the ball on the ground. That's not a handball against Zahard, according to the officials. Kabaye, and then in towards Zahard, who is offside. It was Joe Ledley's ball in. Moreno's had an exceptional 30 minutes for the last three or four. Just starting to see him make a couple of errors. Again, decision-making in that area. Just clear your lines. Trying to play, again, another one. Cesar Haas just offside. And we've just seen the good and the bad of Moreno, haven't we? And when you're playing against a side that maybe might have more control in the game, your opponents, that's where it's a problem to him. And you have to defend more. It's been a fantastic opening, 35 minutes here at Selhurst Park. And now it's Liverpool's turn to come forward looking for a goal. In it goes from Clyne. Plenty of possession and goal attempts. From Liverpool. But Crystal Palace haven't had the ball a lot. But when they have, it's quite clear there they've made it count. Well, then that's the worrying thing for Liverpool. Offensively, they played so well. Only two attacks from Palace and they scored on both. Seen them cut out those mistakes, Liverpool. Offensively, it just looked like they could score at every time. It's great for the neutral, isn't it? There's so many teams in the Premier League in the early weeks of the season finding it hard at the back. Seeing examples here again today. Here's Macarthur. Benteke's in there waiting for the cross. Lee as well. It's away by Mane for Liverpool. Now Kelly. Matip let it bounce. He's going to get the free kick. The assistance flag has been raised. Well, in the same way Coutinho's causing Crystal Palace problems, Macarthur is popping up so many dangerous areas. Maybe offside there. But, again, that's the ball. Just standing up again from Zaha. That's just a wonderful head-up from Macarthur. He's already doubled last season's total for goals. He only got two the whole of last season. He's got 4 before Halloween this time around. James Macarthur. He's doing a different job. He used to sit last season more in front of that back four. Here's Firmino Coutinho's in there Mondanda got something on it So did the post Not often you see Philippe Coutinho threatening with his head That's a wonderful save isn't it Coutinho comes in there and from nowhere really No one's really picking him up Because they're not expecting him to take the head up But again Liverpool showing how good they are offensively Coutinho to Firmino Coutinho Tompkins was there and then Clyde to Mane and he's missed the sitter Some of the football Liverpool have played has been exceptional Just one and two touch Beautiful to watch Even this attack Mane has got a score Coutinho just been magnificent Great ball from Clyde Just a bit of composure Just a bit of composure Just a bit of composure Just hit the target and it's in Look how many bodies Liverpool get forward Coutinho's been the heart of everything It's a great pick up from Clyde He's got a score Didn't quite work hard enough to stay over the top of the ball It's come to him in the left This is the Coutinho's John What a great save Double save actually First one with his right Then his second with his left hand But Liverpool fantastic to watch They really are Of all the teams at the moment in the Premier League They're the team that you pay money for The most good things in the Premier League Final kick,il the fourth minute They're getting tutor voltage And then they being up 2 years Oh Sneakеров You were empower Pufferface as an attacking player so far now Chan Firmino and at last a relatively comfortable moment for Mondanda I think I think he's going to want this first half to end that's a brilliant ball from Firmino and Coutinho just popped up all over the game see that just comes off Wattam he's got it up in the air but it's a terrific save for Mondanda such great reflexes you saw him in the warm-up not the biggest keeper just great reactions Cavai lifts one in Matip away there's a bit of space behind Kelly for Mane goes to Lallana and then to Gomes Coutinho and then Adam Lallana what about that for confident defending from Tompkins knew exactly where he was and did the right thing that's just an unbelievable counter-attack Liverpool break so quickly surprised that Palace are so open but Coutinho always seems to just know where all the players are great reverse pass and you're right that's terrific defending from Tompkins Firmino let's have a look at this header here Owen is there a handball in there from Ward yeah it just comes off his hand there probably brings it back on target almost looked like he was going wide his hands in it in an awkward position no question and it's just enough to bring it back towards the goalkeeper to make the save and that break from Liverpool what football and the overlap from lalana just making the spare man you know identifying when you make that spare man brilliant play Howard Webber is with us at Selhurst Park he's made it here and his left foot's in a corner of the goal line and he's here from the BT School studio this afternoon, he's had a look at that and he says quite rightly that had Andre Maradona or one of the assistants seen that, then he would have given a penalty to Liverpool for the handball by Ward. Just to clear that up, that's a poor pass by Karius. There's Lee. Loughran was out there quickly. A couple of interesting Premier League matches on the horizon next weekend for you. Saturday, five o'clock, the usual time, Chelsea against Everton. BT Sport, 1HD, 4K UHD. And a bonus for you on Sunday, the North London derby with Premier League title implications, Arsenal against Tottenham, and the coverage starts at a quarter past 11. What a save, Glenn. Just go. Going back to the James Tompkins defending, with a game being played as frantically as this one, to show that kind of composure was really impressive. There's Liverpool defending to do here, which Karius is able to do. It was flesh. And we talk about midfield players and creative players, their awareness, but sometimes you've got to give credit to defenders. He's awareness. He was aware exactly where the attacker was on his shoulder, knew what he was doing. Great defending. There's Adam Lallana for Liverpool. Clines made another run from right back. He was tracked. This time, though, by Zaha. Now, Chan. Kabay got a foot in. Zaha can bring Crystal Palace forward the other way. Skips away from Henderson. Benteke on the move in the middle. Zaha had the option to put it in there, didn't he, towards Christian Benteke. It's been a brilliant half of football. Both teams attacking every opportunity. It's Coutinho. So hard to find in this Liverpool team because of the positions he takes up. Mane to Klein. And that's a Liverpool corner. Oh, Coutinho's been exceptional. His awareness on the football pitch is remarkable. Just always seems to know what every player's going to be. Just dictates the tempo as good as anyone in the Premier League. Go ahead. Self-blank, go ahead. Liverpool's two centre-backs. The centre-backs have made their way forward. Lovren's already left his mark on the game from a Liverpool corner. This one from the other side. In towards Matip! And they've got another one, Liverpool. And both centre-backs on the score sheet from corners. Joel Matip's first goal for Liverpool powered in at Selhurst Park. Well, again, it's just a brilliant ball in. Reception ahad from Coutinho. And that's as free a header as you like from Matip. Andanda does well to react. Nobody near him, whatsoever. Tompkins is chasing him. Toussaint Pallas offensively all over the place. If you see it again, Tompkins is marking him but he gets caught with the group of players and he tries to get round the back of the group of players to mark his man and it is poor defending. We praised him a minute ago, Tompkins, but this time it was down to him. great delivery as well from Coutinho beautifully flighted in well it's been the first half of the season so far has been in the Premier League five goals and Liverpool ahead for the third time in 44 minutes I'm almost certain it's not going to finish 3-2 definitely more goals than this he won't be happy defensively or offensively they've been magnificent Liverpool he'll be even less happy defensively in the moment won't see Alan Pardew sure he'll be saying to his players at half-time that you can legislate for Liverpool scoring goals with the slick football but the fact they've considered two from corners will infuriate him they've got quite a significant height advantage as well Crystal Palace has a team here today just been second best on set pieces the delivery has been exceptional from Liverpool people willing to go with the ball Liverpool have been better in that phase and Scott down on his way in and no defender got more goals in the league than he did last season