lots of goals yesterday, 1-0 has been the predominant scoreline so far today Joel Matip, four games between these two clubs last season West Ham won both Premier League encounters and the fourth round FA Cup replay after a draw at Anfield, Liverpool managed just one goal in those four matches against the Hammers which is amazing isn't it Martin, how things can change over the space of a few months you mentioned that word intensity West Ham's lack of it that's exactly what we've come to associate Liverpool with this season they've had plenty of time this week West Ham to work on their defensive shape Liverpool as you probably noticed the newspaper reports have been away to Barcelona Jürgen Klopp has been using the time some clever tools to try and give Liverpool a feel of European football which of course they don't have this season Barcelona a couple of days spending time together growing as a group watching Barcelona's game in the Champions League aiming here very much this season to get back into Europe's elite club competition and most of all the ache at Anfield is for the league title Liverpool smoky Eriksen's goal SecretАl they look for a female hot place between they love this stage so quickly, the Split erschassios, moc y Draper, Kamm, Freunde,ams & WillCl separating heads from sports центrum training as a team obviously Maldon and Eriksen last time they faced Fields and curfews in budget so HUG New England at FANS es14 since they lost two games ahead in the postseason 2020 were a suffered 25-year war in R primary, bowling was olmuş there was some drama this last summer, pure fun threatening ball, Darren Randolph possibly could have caught it, came with the punch didn't take any risks and cleared his lines and must hand can move forward trying to get the team up the pitch because they were defending deep and in numbers haven't conceded so many likely for the village, it's smart to bring back a bit of resilience into their play the one thing is there's Vlaio who isn't playing up front Mikael Antonio is starting on the right hand side Antonio, very versatile character and has done this job before, there's not too many players who played it right back under the central striker in the course of the first 14 or 15 games brought into the England squad that's a right sided midfielder that's a right sided midfielder that's a right sided midfielder you could see maybe that being interchangeable between the pair depending on how they go on Origi got it down and was able to retain possession, here's Henderson offside Mark Clattenburg is the referee in his distinguished career, he hasn't taken charge of this fixture before he's been in this role for a long time and he's played quite a bit of time in England I think it's fair to say, Alan, that West Ham's board won't be judging the manager on today's outcome but they've got these four games David Jones has been stressing quite rightly in the studio but they've got these four games David Jones has been stressing quite rightly in the studio Home v Burnley, home v Hull away to Swansea, away to Leicester away to Swansea, away to Leicester they can be defining matches that little run they can be defining matches that little run in his career here West Ham's fortunes this season and the game as we see it is going to be a lot more different this season Obviously the touch by Origi, wanted to play in behind, but Mane takes it and keeps Liverpool on the front foot. Lallana closing in... Adam Lallana! In the fifth minute. For England and for Liverpool, he's been adding goals to his game this season, and that was very adroitly taken. Typical Lallana. Isn't it just, whether it's on the right or the left, this season particularly has been so much more effective, so much more deadly. I mean, West Ham have been dropping off, but they just haven't been able to get close to these Liverpool players. More than once Liverpool have gone down the left. It's a neat bit of control. And that little half-volley was all he needed, Adam Lallana. What a fine take that is. And what a perfect start for the home team, and the minute, the absolute nightmare once, sorry for the away side. Well, he made the awkward look very easy. His fourth Premier League goal this season, he's scored three times for England as well, his first England goals. The last thing that West Ham wanted was to ship an early goal. Oh, yeah. Taken on by Lanzer. A good goal from Lampard. And here's Antonio. The corner. And... With the uncertainty around Karius's... adaptation, I think we should say, to Premier League football. Not the first goalkeeper coming from another country to find it awkward at the start, you think of Peter Schmeichel, no less, who was troubled. David de Gea, too. The opposition will target him. And he wants to punch that, and he didn't punch it very far, and he might have been punished for it. There's a few bodies around him. He didn't fancy trying to catch it. Antonio trying to play the Andy Carroll role, I think, and Fabian in there as well. Lanzini who volleyed over. P spine. N�pjenire. How did they react? Werner. No buy-up. No wonder about this West Ham team, if they were to concede an early goal, how they'd react. Yes. What it would mean for this match. The scoreline. and there are plenty of them these days. But they're not top of the league. That's the stat that really matters. Milner. Henderson. Looking the part again. That's a quick interpassing. Payet unable to keep it for West Ham. Oh, yeah. Ball over the top. And he's got Antonio in. That's a good stop by Karius. That's exactly why they put him through the middle there, his willingness to chase these balls. It's a well-timed run as well, but Payet and Lovren doesn't cover himself in glory there. Not being able to cut it out. Give him a chance, but not much support. I think he was on target, but he couldn't take the chance, Karius. That's the way by Henderson. Henderson. West Ham have already lost eight league games, as many as they did. In the entirety of last season. It's often been felt here in recent times that Coutinho holds the key to the real success of the team. Swagger. That's what Klopp's team can perform. This opportunity over the next few weeks for them to show that they can play the same way without him. Here's Milner. To that extent, Lallana assumes even more responsibility and he started well. Here he is. Winston Reid. Playing safe. Matip. Now Klein. Milner making tracks. Jordan Henderson, whose range of passing has certainly improved. Good. He hasn't hit that one quite so well. Yeah, Noordwijk there in the right-back position. A lot has been coming down his side and for Firmino to contend with it, it's going to be an easy afternoon, I don't think. He, of course, was the player who gave away that very late penalty at White Hart Lane when he was on as a substitute, though. And lets talk about a winning position and ended up empty-handed. Antonio Ayoub, who hit through to Payet, a pushing header from Pogba, Obiang. Cresswell is so good when he goes forward. Get the ball back. Moving top. Acting as a ball boy. Wanting the tempo of the restart. To drop. Firmino. Origi. This West Ham drop off. Easy for Liverpool to find their space in the middle third. Which leads to supply into the box. Mane. West Ham urging their back line to get out. Squeeze the play a bit more. Fighting the pressure by sitting in there. Pressure in there until the free kick. The team started well in this return. Good on the ball. Spreading the play. Lallana. Origi. Cresswell can shepherd it back to Aaron Randolph. Aaron Randolph played a Premier League game here the day after his 20th birthday. His debut at this level was for Charlton in their last game before relegation. He didn't play in the top flight again for over eight years. And his second game back was here at Anfield. Keeping that clean sheet. And so the Hammers won here 3-0 last season. A high proportion of Darren Randolph's games in the Premier League have been Liverpool away. What a mix-up. But there is no doubt that Gareth Anderson took a big role in the nauseous save. Behind him the youth again along with hisetuels. Everybody's arrive and waiting. Hendovan making his way off the field on a flat attack. Which was a mistake by decision. 外21 Hoek taboum Fabian Hoek under threat by tirogang Organ legato by Deranc notre almighty mythst equip 28% He has turned the pivot five times. The Juventus world cup finalis in the final. And the goal considerations and他說 Greg eaten food. going a goal behind in the fifth minute. Maybe not such a shock where it's been going recently. You do wonder about their mental strength at the moment. Mark Noble will be on top of that. Pretty much the local hero. Team captain, team spokesman, team sufferer when things aren't going well. Two points from their last five games. Five girls conceded at home to Arsenal. Painful blow to take and bounce back up. Milner. Firmino. Passed by Milne. It wasn't English football at all with Arsenal, but he didn't make the first team in North London. Manzini. Here's Origi. Now Mane hasn't really had the chance to express himself as yet. A great ball to Firmino. Corner. That's an magnificent ball if you meant it, Mane. Pinging it across the edge of the box to his teammates here. Associated so much with running with the ball and his finishing. He picked it up, he meant it. Fl Holloway, elong with MRZ. making sure your teammates remember the signals in the middle. Not quite like the NFL playbook Henderson takes two Milner Get up, get up! Lallana, not perhaps the strongest coming in at the back post. And the high ball is Lanzini. Lallana nearly fell at both for Henderson and the out-loppers. Milner again. Mane for Kompany. Back to Milner. They win again, Liverpool. It's that one ball, Antonio, way up the pitch. They've still got him in once, they might be able to do it again. It must be a good 40 yards away from his teammates. But if they can't match Liverpool's energy and their work ethic this time, they're not going to be in big trouble. And they haven't so far. Moved the ball about so quickly, particularly in the middle of the park. The West Ham lads can't get their foot on it. Again, coming down that left-hand side for Liverpool. They regularly outrun their opponents, Liverpool, and it gives them a chance to out-skill them as well. Ayo. Scored a couple of goals for Swansea. The last one against Wembley. The last one against the likes of Watchmen, at the back end of last season, down in South Wales. And it's a goal! And it's a goal, and it's a goal. That's his new career. West Ham was hampered when he was injured in the opening game, that Monday night football at Chelsea. He damaged a hamstring, and... and a while before he could get going again. It's been one of the factors, Alan, hasn't it? They have had a lot of injuries right from the start of the season. It's one of a number of reasons, Paul, forward we can put forward as to why West Ham are struggling yeah can afford that and also bear in mind that these new recruits haven't exactly hit the ground running that's another reason new ground of course hasn't helped great history there yet for West Ham new training ground although everyone says they're pretty comfortable in it at the corner nice famous game really I think between these two clubs the 2006 cup final the man that helped Liverpool out of a pretty sticky situation and won it for them in the end though no one player ever wins one game but if anybody does I guess it would be him it was a fantastic final now so not just ex-Liverpool but an ex-footballer Randolph took charge in the end also the second season syndrome under Slavon Bilic maybe undoubtedly over achieved in the first yeah when you think Finnish seventh above Liverpool they did punch above the wide field absolutely pulling up trees most weeks shouldn't write them off this early in this game knows he probably could have let that go but it was a reason to bring it back a moving ball was no one's going to dispute that I don't think you're not going to put a replay about it I think his spirit was to allow Liverpool to go but wasn't within the laws of the game here's Matip Lovren it was extraordinary what happened down at Bournemouth it's only the second time in Liverpool's Premier League history that they've thrown away a 2-0 half-time lead both times have been this year and both times on the south coast it was Southampton back in the first half of the season and then Liverpool won the game at the end of last season and Bournemouth a week ago Reid doesn't seem to be any pattern to this West Ham side no understanding between the players out there when they're trying to go forward at least I think the side of Jürgen Nielsen here prevent topoe the next half-time and it was just Bardzo hard game to Nou Exercise also it's fair because watch back Tottenham I last time I got three in the box now four they look for an equalizer here at Anfield a few of that will include a corner well remarked in the slow and committing men forward there West Ham they don't have many chances to do that the more they can get him on the ball those who don't say the better all Antonio's goals this season all six of them have been headers and he's poised around the penalty spot and Bonner coming in behind him and he only gets a piece of it this well Alanzini rather settles for the throw which Aaron Cresswell will take I contacted the strikers they said the big Ajs gone And they're unable to rein it in well last month some of them came here and defended for their lives didn't they? Having conceded such an early goal... No, it's better when you've got something to defend, something to hold on to. For Liverpool, it's extremely comfortable at the moment. Over the line. Over the line. Quite at the right angle to suit Ayew. This was a bit of a shoo-in win for Liverpool. West Ham really did themselves justice in the away game at Anfield. Decade after decade. Yes, yes, yes! Before last season, their previous league winner here... Inside Antonio, their previous league winner here was back in 1963. And their scorers before the World Cup final of 66 were Martin Peters and Jeff Hurst. Milner. He's got to be trapped here when he goes forward like that. Don't know how you side. And now they're a bit square on. Offside. Coming back was Roberto Firmino. Because it is so easy for Liverpool, they've just dropped off a little bit in terms of their intensity. O'Bonner. Now Reid. Certainly West Ham have just felt their way into the match. Enjoy the better spot. Into a reasonable position. Lovren has to whack it out of play. They have had the ball in better, more advanced areas, haven't they? Over the last, what, five minutes or so? Two minutes! Three minutes! And... It's a front. And here's Mane, put the goal directly for goal. And Mane was trying to have it back for Lallana. Lovely ball from one hand on that one. It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... be very important. And left hand, the show signs that they're capable of getting it. Cresswell. Gives them such balance on the left hand side, they've missed him for a lot of the season. Obiang. Biomatic, collected by Ogbonna. Comes out to Obiang, hasn't got a goal for West Ham as yet. And wasn't really looking to oblige. He just had a chance for someone else. This is, in a way, has set up a chance for Dimitri Payet. Yeah, much better for West Ham. Forcing Liverpool back a bit, asking questions. Payet hit the bar, didn't he, for which Andy Kerr nodded in last week against Arsenal. That was a fantastic free kick. I have a feeling that some managers want even more substitutes than free allowed these days. And if that helps, Payet could probably be named on the team's feet until he's 60. He has to come on any late set piece. He's that good. But it hasn't been that often this season for West Ham. Maybe now, when they really need it. It's a great stage on which to show off your talents as a visiting player, Anfield. There are other options as well. One of which includes Aaron Cresswell's left foot. He's moved away. It's set up now for Payet. There you are. Lives up to the billing. West Ham are level. And the Frenchman has found his match. I'm not sure it should have gone in. I think we'll be extremely disappointed having what seemed a couple of strong hands on the ball. But you can never discount this, lad. One hand at least. Oh, he's curling away from the keeper. Maybe he doesn't move his feet as quickly as he might. But having said that, the technique, the skill involved in this, is top class. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. He's top class from Dimitri Payet. And it is a reflection of how they've come back into this game, West Ham, in the last five or ten minutes. Oh, that important next goal has gone to the Hammers. Trademark Payet. And one point sweep. Made by trying to defend here, Wozniak to... being penalized. Henderson. Get up, Finley, come here. Comments coming forward. Mane. Lallana. It's all a bit tight in the West Ham penalty area. It's out to Henderson. A give-and-go. Henderson. Very well trapped by Mark Noble. They don't stop attacking with that kind of pace, Liverpool. Really, they've stepped off it. That goal for West Ham sure to give them the back side they need. WHISTLE BLOWS That kind of pulled everyone back, so unattended. Klein can clip it in again. That was Origi. Lovren came round behind the striker. Firmino. Got this by Noble. In by Nordvijks. GUNFIRE But Karius had decided that the other side of the goal was his side. And Payet put it over the wall. That's right, so often the goalkeeper stays central and they get called out then. It's always a question mark, but... If it goes into the attacker's side of the wall, you've got to say, what a good free kick. Liverpool have to wipe that from their memories now, and kept in front again. And here's the ball that Antonio loves. Karius has read it well. Bit like Bruce Grobbelaar of bygone times. GUNFIRE And... he is here today, with Ray Clements, two Liverpool goalkeeping greats. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE I mean, you're right, I mean, it was the wall side. So often we criticise keepers for gambling, taking a step... the wrong way, and then get beaten on their side. It didn't happen on this occasion. It's a part of the art of goalkeeping, you've got to know your free kick taker, I suppose, and whether Karius knows that much, having been here for such a short period of time, but Payet's been very much in the public eye, in the last season. And through the... European finals with France I know Slavon Village has been asking for more from Dimitri Payet Boyz with Studio saying that Payet didn't get perhaps a bigger move than he thought he was gonna earn with his West Ham season last season and his good showing for France He's stayed put or perhaps been made to stay put but then Slavon Village really getting on with it all this day here corner flag playing its part and that's the corner, Mark Noble yeah typical work from Mark Noble there didn't give it up something James Milner knows all about, not giving it up what would have surprised him is the corner flag in Slavon's play and it's led to another West Ham corner, they're ahead on that particular stat and they're getting ahead in the game now Lanzini Lanzini Lanzini Lanzini trying to read the second ball as it dropped by Lovren and they try to link up with Divock Origi attempt stats tell a pretty accurate story, West Ham more than deserving of their equaliser not young phenomenal here we go delirious and others Noel Buggs stopping Firmino at the expense of a corner here is who the economy put him down he took off he's let the single back that's good he's got Suset no oh man James Milner still in Lowe on our side not going to let it go another goal against them sent the batsman forward for Jurgen Klopp good ball in the tee for the touch Peter finished it here's box office Ogbun Ivan Bilic talking about West Ham having to hand drop the good memories from their performances against Liverpool last season Origi Klein rather blind here by Cresswell Antonio and then the other one could only knock it out you've got to give them credit West Ham for responding the way they have after enduring a nightmare start and then the other one could only knock it out must be pleased could have easily feared the worst it's a really engaging man many layers to his character a law degree a musician very good footballer and now his hips aren't too clever these days love it love it love it love it love it love it 10 minutes to go to half time 10 minutes to go to half time West Ham United after a very tense good start making a real fist of this so far making a real fist of this so far making a real fist of this so far what about West Ham West Ham whether Cresswell what about West Ham what about West Ham what about Cresswell West Ham whatever in handy what about West Ham whatever in handy Firstoku British I think it might been any other away ground that the thought of scoring a spectacular lead Hand on it. There's room for Wijnaldum. He'll be checked back rather than driving on. Might be in here. Wijnaldum. Rame and the shot is just wide from Firmino, they were queuing up to have a shot at Randolph's goal. Firmino not quite catching it, but Wijnaldum, timing his run well. Expect a few more goals from him when he got one so far. Bit of a bobbler in the end from the Brazilian. Nice alliteration there. A bobbler from a Brazilian. I didn't mean it. You're a proper commentator if you do the alliteration, I promise you. Here by Reid, not very far, not very well. Firmino's a bit disappointed, he pulled away to the back post. Milano couldn't quite master the roll of the ball to get in an early cross. Now the flag's up for offside. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Getting close to Christmas as well, the season is coming. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Getting close to Christmas as well, the season is coming. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Seasonal feel everywhere, Bournemouth against Southampton. It's a big derby for Bournemouth, I'm not sure the Saints want to embrace it as that just yet, but they should. 12.30, and then Manchester City against Arsenal. So, a must. Followed of course on Monday by a certain matchup, Everton against Liverpool. Everton against Liverpool. Everton against Liverpool. Payet. Payet. Payet. Payet. Payet. smoked Hate. Antonio, can he reach it? He will do! And it trickles in, and West Ham have turned it around here. He's been a threat, running in behind, and when there's any hesitation, it's dangerous for Liverpool, it's been very dangerous here. Liverpool 1, West Ham United 2. Incredible, John Matip less than pleased with himself here. The way he doesn't get his feet sorted out to cut out that ball. Antonio maybe thinks, have I put enough on this? As he flicks it past Karius, but he had. It's a soft one to allow that to go as far as it did. Matip just can't adjust himself quickly enough, Antonio's onto it. What a turnaround. And West Ham's man of many parts delights the manager, who used his versatility today. First goal this season that hasn't been a header from him. And look at that, seven already. Well, it's... ..his turn to look at the sort of turnaround he was on the wrong end of. Last one. And it's a tough one for Liverpool. What an extraordinary weekend this has been for goals in the Premier League. What has happened to the defenders these days? THEY CHANT They're not complaining. I think the coaches will be asking that sort of question. THEY CHANT They've been so tight here, only conceded four before tonight. It's all footballers at the back, where are they headed? They're headed and kick it, defenders. THEY LAUGH They were not so good at playing from the back, but actually stopped the opposition scoring, which is the main thrust of being a professional defender. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Payet. Off goes Antonio again. THEY CHANT And Lovren matching it. THEY CHANT That's painful. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT He's off the pitch. Mark Clattenburg has let the game go on, he's coming back home again. It's just a bad advantage. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Moritz got his goal. THEY CHANT Van Alden. THEY CHANT They just lied from the head of Roberto Firmino. THEY CHANT What a good half, again in the Premier League. They're queuing up here with Origi, get their heads on it. That was good in the air, Firmino. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Good chance. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT One trip up from East London so far worth the journey. THEY CHANT They've maybe had 3 points last season, the team keeps on the built. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT That's come on by Payet. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THE Nurburgring F 웃. THEY CHANT Matip Henderson important for West Ham to get to half time with their lead still intact and they have settled down and reorganised as a back four after that that's the perfect start 90 seconds past stoppage time before the half time whistle Lovren you mentioned it Alan Liverpool rather took their foot off the gas prematurely only sprinted into a one goal lead a first spell there after that first goal they were so comfortable it was all going their way did West Ham have a chance to to to get back into it he wasn't in charge of a 3-0 home defeat last season that was at the tail end of Brendan Rodgers playing as the Liverpool manager climbs him there through by Wijnaldum quite reaching Origi and it's a good start and he's got a great start he's got a great start he's got a great start he's got a great start good support to the Pye by Cresswell to combine again it's a risky from Aaron Cresswell and Firmino Lallana can take it on Mane Henderson on the spin from Origi and Cresswell's heart still beating a bit faster