resonated with his West Ham players a bit more than Jurgen Klopp's suggestion that Liverpool were angry after what happened last weekend and are determined to put it right high octane start down the gears that's Ogbonna the Estonian international in his first season here maybe won't get that 10 points and 10 goals down on this stage last season Liverpool seven points and 15 goals better off to the top of the table very well done by Liverpool and a little bit of encouragement from the fans so supposed to be encouragement Martin you look at that draw Old Trafford West Ham got on the way they performed at Tottenham few weeks back although they lost at the death into the big grounds doing well Alana trying to get through backed up by Origi Alana again climb one pass too many for Liverpool and a goal by Pogba good run! right side down he was judged by Obiang Reid didn't know where it was Tresswell comes in the field to deal with the dropping ball Milner that was taken by Mane Pogba's right hand was taken by Mane Pogba's right hand was taken by Mane and that's that! and that's that they've had a great angle on that Alana gets in and Randolph spills it! to great cost Origi accepted the gift it's 2-2 just two minutes into the second half well it's one of those where he was on the full stretch Randolph and a punch a little tip away in hindsight would have been the better option they had a better option I don't think there was a whole lot of danger to this, because Cresswell was behind him. What Origi had got to this. It was ever so well Mane could dig one out. Origi does well just to sort his feet out quickly. Looks a simple finish, but he had to be on his toes. Which he was. And again, West Ham start the half in the worst way imaginable. Divock Origi scoring for the fourth consecutive Liverpool game. Three of those in the Premier League, finally in the EFL Cup. And Rufo Randolph. Fantastic habit, he's acquiring it, hasn't he? He's got his chance on this Liverpool side. Yeah, with... Coutinho in the mix, somewhere in that front six. Daniel Sturridge has probably, part of this season, been ahead of Origi. He's not fit at the moment. Yeah, the strength and depth for Jürgen Klopp. Origi, has to be the provider this time for Mane. That's forced out of the area, but he's still going. Wijnaldum! Not far away at all. Now a snapshot from the Dutchman. Sanfield crowd getting behind the team now. It has been a quick start by Liverpool, as you would have expected, as West Ham would have anticipated. CHANTING CHANTING The message to the players would have been, be prepared for it, be on your toes. Well, we shouldn't be surprised, in some ways, Liverpool have been averaging two goals a game, scoring, and West Ham almost two goals a game defending. Conceited. Cresswell. APPLAUSE Henderson. Liverpool learnt their lesson from the first half, when they scored early and then went slack. Klava. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING This time. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Chanting CHANTING CHANTING Mane. A pre-game! APPLAUSE What a good time. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, sheer weight to pressure at the moment. Red shirt's popping up everywhere. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING I'm sure it was aimed towards the movement of Mane. Second ball. With some defending and a back from Ed Bonner. APPLAUSE CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Here's Firmino. Off across to trouble Randolph this time. They've just got to try and settle down again, West Ham. Into the shape that they did for the last half hour of the first half when they were much more resilient. A lot of suggestion before the game when the team was announced. Andy Carroll being held in reserve for Burnley and Harwood at home. Three games in a week would be too much for him. He might need him here at Anfield. He knows only too well. Firmino and a yellow card for him. They're locked in. They're locked in. He puts the ball in a dangerous area here. Trying a little turn, a little twist. That's for West Ham, Martin. It's how they approach this situation now. The task of 2-2. How many men do they throw forward in open play? They certainly had the suggestion from... The way they played in the second half of the first half. As if they do get at Liverpool. They might throw the chances. Maybe one from the set-piece here. Harwood with a sense of disbelief at the end of that. It seemed that he had a chance to get his head to it. He didn't actually need to go with the head in the end. He came off his hand. Could have just volleyed that one goal. It's... Up ahead of Origi. Henderson. Pannac getting involved. Here's Cresswell. Antonio trying to roll his man. Olana. Pannac. Olana lining up for the clearance. Firmino has got to stop him out there. Wijnaldum. Origi to feed it in. But not above. ahead of Breswell. Fabinho. Milner. This time trying to get to grips in midfield as they did at the crucial stage in the first half. And it looks as though they were going to be overrun. Down by Matic. A sense of expectation around Anfield when Liverpool get possession here. Wijnaldum. Alana. Here's Mane. Well in the end. Lanzini. Obunna. Moved by him. The team today they've gone from a back three to a back four. James Collins was injured earlier against Arsenal. Alba Loa came on and played right back. They switched to a four then. He's a pink fit either. Matic. Looking for Milner. Probably adapted well James Milner to who initially hasn't played for any great. He's been thanked for his long career left back. What you see is what you get. Whatever position he's asked to play. Henderson. He's in the Steven Gerrard position. Quarterback midfielder if you like. Come on. He's in the cross as well. Klavan. Keep it on. Go on. You know you want to. Nice that there's hair on the... Keep the ball behind for a corner. Almost. Almost. That's been an impossible technique to replicate. . A pre-sending sense of security. . He's trying to achieve. . Sends a sensible again to Klavan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Firmino now defending quite narrow West Ham that back four and leaving the space on the flanks forward by Reid Obia no divide Antonio slipping Mane entry forward it's a clever pass into Firmino nicely done for Lallana Liverpool could be in here in some style Origi must lack the killer instinct at the end of it full work from Sarban again the substitute Lallana Firmino well it's very similar isn't it to the start of that first half when it was all Liverpool and there's only one team going to score that's the way it looks at the moment another Liverpool corner butchered away by Antonio back in again though Mane off actually had to work hard very tempted I think that would have gone harmlessly behind not sure it would have done though restored a bit of lost confidence fifth right by Obia to Ayo Mancini Mancini on the outside full of intent this first and second half Mancini Ayo Mane got in the way but Reid gets across and he was I should say mildly included otherwise he might have been up and running but it is Andy Carroll time he can move into the third half hour of the game third half hour of the contest the third half hour of the contest the left hand has gone missing behind Nordvayt there was no cover and Wijnaldum runs in but doesn't slot in there's a chance if he could have got a bit of curl on it Nordvayt got him attracted into Firmino here moving a huge gap and more than enough time Wijnaldum to sum up his angles Andy Carroll back at Anfield two and a half years a Liverpool player fought with the Torres money of course long absence this season and he came on and scored against Arsenal his was the one in the 5-1 and known for their sportsmanship the Liverpool fans and they've given him a decent welcome back well he needs it doesn't he I mean he's got that game time against Arsenal he needs a bit more here if he wants to start a game if he has a chance to start in that game against Burnley Wednesday he's going to spit this up kicks it on Mane here he is way way offside he's got to be careful and he's got to have a good shot and he's got to have a good shot and he's got to have a good shot well knowing what he does is straightforward stopping it is anything but yeah and even when he isn't 100% fit of course a good crossing his height his power is going to cause anybody problems awful run in to Matip there his eyebrows have gone college ball the closing period Kena Chela Rictjaco Спestra yerba the Wave their fourth time Nobody won there here's a foul Eddie Connolly Not really wanting to play back, no disrespect to Karius, but he was interested to try and look for a forward pass, but there was nothing on. Perfect to West Ham. Is this half starting to twist a little bit like the first one? You can just sense a shift in the balance of players. West Ham get a bit more of the ball. It's going to be careful now, aren't you, talking to West, because quite rightly the yellow card will come out for dissent. More badly than it has been in the past. Henderson. Firmino. Still in the melting pot here at Anfield. Oh, no! Henderson. Now Milner, by Mane. Reeds header, Mane trying to get there first, he's still a bit off the mark. His touch only took it out for the throw. He came off at 3-1 up against Bournemouth. It looked a bad injury, didn't it? It wasn't a bad injury, it was just a very bad spell for Liverpool after that. Brilliant from Bournemouth, whichever way you want to look at it. There by Reid. Kens... And a bit of space for Clyne. Easy run for him to deal with. He's helped by Lallana. Henderson. A lot of men forward here for Liverpool. Henderson. He's trying to hang it up for Arrugu. A lot of space there, Jordan Henderson. 25 yards out to lift his head, pick his spot. He couldn't do it. He couldn't do it. He couldn't do it. There's the word between Richard West, the assistant, and Jurgen Klopp. Firmino. And a tackle. An attack of ambitions. This kind of situation is important for the contenders. To turn parity into victory. How can Liverpool do it? Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! What a delivery by Fulham... This is the numerical run-up in time for New York Lunar ahead of Napoli at home. And what a support from Fulham. Chelsea v Re eel vaca and FPV... Dissipation, also important. And, of course, the impossible습니다 Germany-about tempted in here at this point. Words are all foreign. üst it? Understand wie dann? Ges наша Speaklichkeit, wie wir jetzt de بينkommen. I guess it's a right wing back, Nordvite's gone in one, and Sivin Bilic setting up a line of five. At least a point here. Reynaldo, taken up by Obiang. Mancini. Payet. A new role, although a familiar one for Ante. And it's a good one. It's a good one. Antonio. The only pinch he gets is Calvert. Got a little nick on that, but the carry is committed to coming out. Mane has promised a lot, but the winch hasn't quite delivered. It's out to Henderson. Firmino. The captain's way again. Here's Milner. And it's a good one. A mounting threat from Liverpool once more. It's still there. Henderson who scored that wonderful goal of Chelsea really does something even better here, and Randolph responds magnificently. Well, and his reaction, Henderson, this is heading towards the top corner. What a stop this is. What a sign. Henderson cannot believe that, not even trying. We need to keep looking. We need to look at him. I cannot believe that Randolph's got a hand to that. Look at that. A redemption from Daniel Randolph. And the fourth one at the corner. And the decision from the assistants on the far side. Another clean. I would have appreciated making a save like the one they've witnessed. This is Grublaw and Clements on Darren Randolph. They're trying to feed off the flick. 20 minutes left. The best Liverpool have done in the Premier League. Runners-up under Gerard Houllier. Under Rafa Benitez. And three series with a go under Brendan Rodgers. Carroll. And so a little flick off a Liverpool foot that... ...Pattenberg didn't. It's Andy Carroll. But... ...he's got a good version anyway. Climb. Mane. Slippery play again from him. Randolph was diving to make the save but Reid blocked it. And... ...Beltic. Real Vianne Gare there. Got beaten a little too easily. Another one-on-one. Who will it be? Who will it be? wai 45. Dubbeiro. One off Murray. And a free kick. Two습니다, a long one-on-one. And then God dijo I would be more than happy wif and nations. They can. Lawrence Thomas to the bell, look it's... ...Jones, giving chase move the hand got it by Darren Cairn on the far side there Chester had a very good view of this got it right well it's a largely down to man marking for West Ham in set pieces Powell of course his aerial ability is one of the useful defences effectively hey you're brave to take on him stayed on his feet defending by Reid that's how you feel really have to keep their concentration here you you you Mane himself at it courageously not in the end successfully again when Liverpool scored in the first half you expected an avalanche but certainly more to come didn't happen when they scored only in the second half the feeling was identical just trying to get Andy Carroll involved in an attacking sense hasn't been able to so far haven't got themselves up the pitch here's Milner here's Milner here's Milner giving chase that's good work by Albono for West Ham and Mantic trying to get it forward really overcooked it a lot of work to do those West Ham fans and then to get a lado City a side questa side the Lligas stand by בעن he says And now they've got Mark Plattenberg waiting to see if they can really stop it. They might be, but otherwise, Milner in early. Just behind Lallana, retrieved by Henderson. Plenty of possession here for Liverpool. It's penetration they need, though. Fifteen minutes past stoppage time to go, and anything less than a win here will be seen, and it's underwhelming. Yeah, that'll be six points behind Chelsea, which is a fair old gap. Lallana, Milner giving chase. Oh, it's just away from Lallana. Just. They just feel they're so close to getting the goal that they put them ahead, Liverpool. A few signs, West Ham defending, getting rugged. Go on, Lallana. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Away. Go on. The infringement spotted straight away. Anguish of the arm. Oh, my God. Mane was. Odee. A left of your pitcher there, you can just see him thrust a hand into Cresswell's face. He hasn't punched Andy Cowan in the chest, no, he doesn't. A bit of a yellow, he's deserved. I think you're being kind to suggest it was a punch. Yeah, you're right. A little dig. Using your hands in that kind of way. interdisciplinary problems Liverpool sweeping forward again Origi might have got it but he was pleased in the end that O'Connor dealt with it It's Eddie Milston Fernandez, one of the new signings but he and Ashley Fletcher really fought for the medium term and the longer term future, have been the ones that have helped Simon Bilic more than some of the senior men who've been recruited coming on for Manuel Lanzini He's done well I'd heard before incidentally with Sion European football I don't like the first half, West Ham can't really respond to Liverpool's goal It's difficult to get forward They've lost the pace of Antonio and sacrificed that for the height of Carroll Mane Rinaldo in front of that movement of them, the ball run behind him and pivoting onto his other foot Hasn't quite come off ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Bordering on Naughty, but not quite. And it's Firmino. Liverpool will be doubling their efforts here. Firmino. And now the... Flying. And going through for the pass. Matip. That is a fine ball. Tamanek. Bronner staying on his feet. And... Really pressed back West Ham now. Henderson. Again, a given goal with Lallana. Time for Klein. Way out for West Ham here with Mark Noble. Not too much for Noble to do in terms of playing it forward. Carroll would have been offside. Note for Antonio. Fernandes, he did start the game against Arsenal. That's the right wing back. And he's come on in that position, allowing Antonio to occupy yet another position today. In midfield now. Watch this. And photos here. Lallana putting out two-one to the centre-back Jake after Lallana just didn't see life, and Gary by the way... There was a nice result and person dieser... The impression on his face not very well refined, Kent on the ontine. A lot ofOLL Realising Senior Leaguehitler... Has to stop what he has to do Maskel. Meaning... He has to win 1-0 at West Ham. Lallana's divide. That rips heel a little bit, over... then bitcoin... Filthily out of from... Antonio just behind him. We're into the last ten minutes at Anfield. Firmino. Eden Ogbema supported now by Nordveit. He's the third centre-back. Lallana. Obian. A little stoppage to help the Hammers here. Yeah, you need a breather. Need a bit of respite. Certainly the pride is back, but it's a point. Or points that they want for their Christmas. Maybe in the last ten minutes a Christmas carol. Up towards the big man. That kind of thing to do with so far. Nothing more than that in the box. Payet. Line it up. Challenge enough to spoil the aim. Well, they can't complain about any lack of intensity. The passion has been there. They've had some difficult times. If games are decided in 80 minutes, I think we'll see. I think we'll see. I think we'll see. I think history would record a very different set of values, but they're not. So much happens when teams that have had a lot of possessions wear out the opposition in the end. Liverpool trying to do that here. They're full of running as always under Jurgen Klopp. Mane. Lallana. Great play. Great play. And Nathaniel Klein just couldn't keep it down. Well, he arrived on the scene at the perfect time, didn't he? Having started it. He's got a clear sight to goal there. He is disappointed with himself. It has been a weekend of sharp shooting in the Premier League. Into the consternation of Jamie Carragher. A pretty average defender. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. A little bit more. Taylor to his particular strength. Done well there. Antonio. Nice. Anderson Fernandez. Knocked out by Obiang. too many spells in the second half and West Ham have had a little attempt to do that and that will be an upside against Aaron Prescott got a long way to get back at this point as well as tired legs it is that luck and concentration that can do for you Martin has suffered from that this season West Ham still seems a fair way from being confirmed though Mane Mane his strong foot in the end right there caught in the way of it we'll see from this angle whether it was on target defended the corners pretty well thus far another one to deal with now and again Preswell got some Matty Mane Mane coming back in again from Norma that's probably done by Noble there's Antonio keeping the ball under some duress amazingly there's four Liverpool players around him brilliant and it's a terrific ball for Noble he can't put the crossbar he's intending to do so Henderson hoping he gets a foot in West Ham starting to flex some attacking muscles here knowing that they score again they might be in the third goal leaving with three points and it's a good sign for the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens here's Carroll and Karius in his first real one-to-one and the giant West Ham attacker did very well well he was fairly decisive, he had a keeper and made the right choice to punch it I think without any doubt no-wall that was one-handed I sense that the Liverpool fans might be saying what's wrong with you? to get a good anxious seat, West Ham come forward now. And the only points dropped at home this season. And remember, they are a game down, because that game against Burnley in August was switched to Turf Mall, because this big man's downward broadcasting frame wasn't ready. And Manchester United have got a draw here. A very different kind of draw, it must be said. Back in October. Three minutes past stoppage time. When Liverpool were the top team in the 70s and 80s, they won so many games on the way to clinching titles with late goals. Only the late one here. To avoid losing ground. They're not halfway even in the race yet. And it's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. Milner. Always want to put it onto his right foot for the cross, and there's always a risk with a right footed cross, but that will happen. But sometimes, in these days we like to put the green flag on hope, especially after a couple of trips. Liverpool always want to realise the estate of Arsenal. We've finally thought about Falchiong, but today we really wanted to give their team something to present. Last footballad. Here's Mane. Here's Mane. Lallana. And here's Mane. Coming into more resilient West Ham defending. Noble. Payet. Okay, the majority of the West Ham team thinking about protecting the point, but there are others led by Payet. They're still sensing a possible route to victory. Mane Carroll came off worse than that at Jewell with Karius. That must be... I would guess... where the blood came from. Yeah, maybe Karius just... catching in the air with the elbow. That's not good news for West Ham. They need everybody on the pitch. It'd be probably better putting a substitute on. Still got one changer, can they? They're a man light at the moment. That's going to be... That's going to be cross-three, is it? Yeah.