resonated with his West Ham players a bit more than Jurgen Klopp's suggestion that Liverpool were angry after what happened last weekend and are determined to put it right high octane start down the gears that's Ogbonna the Estonian international in his first season here maybe won't get that 10 points and 10 goals down on this stage last season Liverpool seven points and 15 goals better off to the top of the table very well done by Liverpool and a little bit of encouragement from the fans so supposed to be encouragement Martin you look at that draw Old Trafford West Ham got on the way they performed at Tottenham few weeks back although they lost at the death into the big grounds doing well Alana trying to get through backed up by Origi Alana again climb one pass too many for Liverpool and a goal by Pogba good run! right side down he was judged by Obiang Reid didn't know where it was Tresswell comes in the field to deal with the dropping ball Milner that was taken by Mane Pogba's right hand was taken by Mane Pogba's right hand was taken by Mane and that's that! and that's that they've had a great angle on that Alana gets in and Randolph spills it! to great cost Origi accepted the gift it's 2-2 just two minutes into the second half well it's one of those where he was on the full stretch Randolph and a punch a little tip away in hindsight would have been the better option they had a better option I don't think there was a whole lot of danger to this, because Cresswell was behind him. What Origi had got to this. It was ever so well Mane could dig one out. Origi does well just to sort his feet out quickly. Looks a simple finish, but he had to be on his toes. Which he was. And again, West Ham start the half in the worst way imaginable. Divock Origi scoring for the fourth consecutive Liverpool game. Three of those in the Premier League, finally in the EFL Cup. And Rufo Randolph. Fantastic habit, he's acquiring it, hasn't he? He's got his chance on this Liverpool side. Yeah, with... Coutinho in the mix, somewhere in that front six. Daniel Sturridge has probably, part of this season, been ahead of Origi. He's not fit at the moment. Yeah, the strength and depth for Jürgen Klopp. Origi, has to be the provider this time for Mane. That's forced out of the area, but he's still going. Wijnaldum! Not far away at all. Now a snapshot from the Dutchman. Sanfield crowd getting behind the team now. It has been a quick start by Liverpool, as you would have expected, as West Ham would have anticipated. CHANTING CHANTING The message to the players would have been, be prepared for it, be on your toes. Well, we shouldn't be surprised, in some ways, Liverpool have been averaging two goals a game, scoring, and West Ham almost two goals a game defending. Conceited. Cresswell. APPLAUSE Henderson. Liverpool learnt their lesson from the first half, when they scored early and then went slack. Klava. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING This time. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Chanting CHANTING CHANTING Mane. A pre-game! APPLAUSE What a good time. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Well, sheer weight to pressure at the moment. Red shirt's popping up everywhere. CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING I'm sure it was aimed towards the movement of Mane. Second ball. With some defending and a back from Ed Bonner. APPLAUSE CHANTING CHANTING CHANTING Here's Firmino. Off across to trouble Randolph this time. They've just got to try and settle down again, West Ham. Into the shape that they did for the last half hour of the first half when they were much more resilient. A lot of suggestion before the game when the team was announced. Andy Carroll being held in reserve for Burnley and Harwood at home. Three games in a week would be too much for him. He might need him here at Anfield. He knows only too well. Firmino and a yellow card for him. They're locked in. They're locked in. He puts the ball in a dangerous area here. Trying a little turn, a little twist. That's for West Ham, Martin. It's how they approach this situation now. The task of 2-2. How many men do they throw forward in open play? They certainly had the suggestion from... The way they played in the second half of the first half. As if they do get at Liverpool. They might throw the chances. Maybe one from the set-piece here. Harwood with a sense of disbelief at the end of that. It seemed that he had a chance to get his head to it. He didn't actually need to go with the head in the end. He came off his hand. Could have just volleyed that one goal. It's... Up ahead of Origi. Henderson. Pannac getting involved. Here's Cresswell. Antonio trying to roll his man. Olana. Pannac. Olana lining up for the clearance. Firmino has got to stop him out there. Wijnaldum. Origi to feed it in. But not above. ahead of Breswell. Fabinho. Milner. This time trying to get to grips in midfield as they did at the crucial stage in the first half. And it looks as though they were going to be overrun. Down by Matic. A sense of expectation around Anfield when Liverpool get possession here. Wijnaldum. Alana. Here's Mane. Well in the end. Lanzini. Obunna. Moved by him. The team today they've gone from a back three to a back four. James Collins was injured earlier against Arsenal. Alba Loa came on and played right back. They switched to a four then. He's a pink fit either. Matic. Looking for Milner. Probably adapted well James Milner to who initially hasn't played for any great. He's been thanked for his long career left back. What you see is what you get. Whatever position he's asked to play. Henderson. He's in the Steven Gerrard position. Quarterback midfielder if you like. Come on. He's in the cross as well. Klavan. Keep it on. Go on. You know you want to. Nice that there's hair on the... Keep the ball behind for a corner. Almost. Almost. That's been an impossible technique to replicate. . A pre-sending sense of security. . He's trying to achieve. . Sends a sensible again to Klavan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Firmino now defending quite narrow West Ham that back four and leaving the space on the flanks forward by Reid Obia no divide Antonio slipping Mane entry forward it's a clever pass into Firmino nicely done for Lallana Liverpool could be in here in some style Origi must lack the killer instinct at the end of it full work from Sarban again the substitute Lallana Firmino well it's very similar isn't it to the start of that first half when it was all Liverpool and there's only one team going to score that's the way it looks at the moment another Liverpool corner butchered away by Antonio back in again though Mane off actually had to work hard very tempted I think that would have gone harmlessly behind not sure it would have done though restored a bit of lost confidence fifth right by Obia to Ayo Mancini Mancini on the outside full of intent this first and second half Mancini Ayo Mane got in the way but Reid gets across and he was I should say mildly included otherwise he might have been up and running but it is Andy Carroll time he can move into the third half hour of the game third half hour of the contest the third half hour of the contest the left hand has gone missing behind Nordvayt there was no cover and Wijnaldum runs in but doesn't slot in there's a chance if he could have got a bit of curl on it Nordvayt got him attracted into Firmino here moving a huge gap and more than enough time Wijnaldum to sum up his angles Andy Carroll back at Anfield two and a half years a Liverpool player fought with the Torres money of course long absence this season and he came on and scored against Arsenal his was the one in the 5-1 and known for their sportsmanship the Liverpool fans and they've given him a decent welcome back well he needs it doesn't he I mean he's got that game time against Arsenal he needs a bit more here if he wants to start a game if he has a chance to start in that game against Burnley Wednesday he's going to spit this up kicks it on Mane here he is way way offside he's got to be careful and he's got to have a good shot and he's got to have a good shot and he's got to have a good shot well knowing what he does is straightforward stopping it is anything but yeah and even when he isn't 100% fit of course a good crossing his height his power is going to cause anybody problems awful run in to Matip there his eyebrows have gone college ball the closing period Kena Chela Rictjaco Спestra yerba the Wave their fourth time Nobody won there here's a foul Eddie Connolly Not really wanting to play back, no disrespect to Karius, but he was interested to try and look for a forward pass, but there was nothing on. Perfect to West Ham. Is this half starting to twist a little bit like the first one? You can just sense a shift in the balance of players. West Ham get a bit more of the ball. It's going to be careful now, aren't you, talking to West, because quite rightly the yellow card will come out for dissent. More badly than it has been in the past. Henderson. Firmino. Still in the melting pot here at Anfield. Oh, no! Henderson. Now Milner, by Mane. Reeds header, Mane trying to get there first, he's still a bit off the mark. His touch only took it out for the throw. He came off at 3-1 up against Bournemouth. It looked a bad injury, didn't it? It wasn't a bad injury, it was just a very bad spell for Liverpool after that. Brilliant from Bournemouth, whichever way you want to look at it. There by Reid. Kens... And a bit of space for Clyne. Easy run for him to deal with. He's helped by Lallana. Henderson. A lot of men forward here for Liverpool. Henderson. He's trying to hang it up for Arrugu. A lot of space there, Jordan Henderson. 25 yards out to lift his head, pick his spot. He couldn't do it. He couldn't do it. He couldn't do it. There's the word between Richard West, the assistant, and Jurgen Klopp. Firmino. And a tackle. An attack of ambitions. This kind of situation is important for the contenders. To turn parity into victory. How can Liverpool do it? Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! What a delivery by Fulham... This is the numerical run-up in time for New York Lunar ahead of Napoli at home. And what a support from Fulham. Chelsea v Re eel vaca and FPV... Dissipation, also important. And, of course, the impossible습니다 Germany-about tempted in here at this point. Words are all foreign. üst it? Understand wie dann? Ges наша Speaklichkeit, wie wir jetzt de بينkommen. I guess it's a right wing back, Nordvite's gone in one, and Sivin Bilic setting up a line of five. At least a point here. Reynaldo, taken up by Obiang. Mancini. Payet. A new role, although a familiar one for Ante. And it's a good one. It's a good one. Antonio. The only pinch he gets is Calvert. Got a little nick on that, but the carry is committed to coming out. Mane has promised a lot, but the winch hasn't quite delivered. It's out to Henderson. Firmino. The captain's way again. Here's Milner. And it's a good one. A mounting threat from Liverpool once more. It's still there. Henderson who scored that wonderful goal of Chelsea really does something even better here, and Randolph responds magnificently. Well, and his reaction, Henderson, this is heading towards the top corner. What a stop this is. What a sign. Henderson cannot believe that, not even trying. We need to keep looking. We need to look at him. I cannot believe that Randolph's got a hand to that. Look at that. A redemption from Daniel Randolph. And the fourth one at the corner. And the decision from the assistants on the far side. Another clean. I would have appreciated making a save like the one they've witnessed. This is Grublaw and Clements on Darren Randolph. They're trying to feed off the flick. 20 minutes left. The best Liverpool have done in the Premier League. Runners-up under Gerard Houllier. Under Rafa Benitez. And three series with a go under Brendan Rodgers. Carroll. And so a little flick off a Liverpool foot that... ...Pattenberg didn't. It's Andy Carroll. But... ...he's got a good version anyway. Climb. Mane. Slippery play again from him. Randolph was diving to make the save but Reid blocked it. And... ...Beltic. Real Vianne Gare there. Got beaten a little too easily. Another one-on-one. Who will it be? Who will it be? wai 45. Dubbeiro. One off Murray. And a free kick. Two습니다, a long one-on-one. And then God dijo I would be more than happy wif and nations. They can. Lawrence Thomas to the bell, look it's... ...Jones, giving chase move the hand got it by Darren Cairn on the far side there Chester had a very good view of this got it right well it's a largely down to man marking for West Ham in set pieces Powell of course his aerial ability is one of the useful defences effectively hey you're brave to take on him stayed on his feet defending by Reid that's how you feel really have to keep their concentration here you you you Mane himself at it courageously not in the end successfully again when Liverpool scored in the first half you expected an avalanche but certainly more to come didn't happen when they scored only in the second half the feeling was identical just trying to get Andy Carroll involved in an attacking sense hasn't been able to so far haven't got themselves up the pitch here's Milner here's Milner here's Milner giving chase that's good work by Albono for West Ham and Mantic trying to get it forward really overcooked it a lot of work to do those West Ham fans and then to get a lado City a side questa side the Lligas stand by בעن he says And now they've got Mark Plattenberg waiting to see if they can really stop it. They might be, but otherwise, Milner in early. Just behind Lallana, retrieved by Henderson. Plenty of possession here for Liverpool. It's penetration they need, though. Fifteen minutes past stoppage time to go, and anything less than a win here will be seen, and it's underwhelming. Yeah, that'll be six points behind Chelsea, which is a fair old gap. Lallana, Milner giving chase. Oh, it's just away from Lallana. Just. They just feel they're so close to getting the goal that they put them ahead, Liverpool. A few signs, West Ham defending, getting rugged. Go on, Lallana. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Away. Go on. The infringement spotted straight away. Anguish of the arm. Oh, my God. Mane was. Odee. A left of your pitcher there, you can just see him thrust a hand into Cresswell's face. He hasn't punched Andy Cowan in the chest, no, he doesn't. A bit of a yellow, he's deserved. I think you're being kind to suggest it was a punch. Yeah, you're right. A little dig. Using your hands in that kind of way. interdisciplinary problems Liverpool sweeping forward again Origi might have got it but he was pleased in the end that O'Connor dealt with it It's Eddie Milston Fernandez, one of the new signings but he and Ashley Fletcher really fought for the medium term and the longer term future, have been the ones that have helped Simon Bilic more than some of the senior men who've been recruited coming on for Manuel Lanzini He's done well I'd heard before incidentally with Sion European football I don't like the first half, West Ham can't really respond to Liverpool's goal It's difficult to get forward They've lost the pace of Antonio and sacrificed that for the height of Carroll Mane Rinaldo in front of that movement of them, the ball run behind him and pivoting onto his other foot Hasn't quite come off ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Bordering on Naughty, but not quite. And it's Firmino. Liverpool will be doubling their efforts here. Firmino. And now the... Flying. And going through for the pass. Matip. That is a fine ball. Tamanek. Bronner staying on his feet. And... Really pressed back West Ham now. Henderson. Again, a given goal with Lallana. Time for Klein. Way out for West Ham here with Mark Noble. Not too much for Noble to do in terms of playing it forward. Carroll would have been offside. Note for Antonio. Fernandes, he did start the game against Arsenal. That's the right wing back. And he's come on in that position, allowing Antonio to occupy yet another position today. In midfield now. Watch this. And photos here. Lallana putting out two-one to the centre-back Jake after Lallana just didn't see life, and Gary by the way... There was a nice result and person dieser... The impression on his face not very well refined, Kent on the ontine. A lot ofOLL Realising Senior Leaguehitler... Has to stop what he has to do Maskel. Meaning... He has to win 1-0 at West Ham. Lallana's divide. That rips heel a little bit, over... then bitcoin... Filthily out of from... Antonio just behind him. We're into the last ten minutes at Anfield. Firmino. Eden Ogbema supported now by Nordveit. He's the third centre-back. Lallana. Obian. A little stoppage to help the Hammers here. Yeah, you need a breather. Need a bit of respite. Certainly the pride is back, but it's a point. Or points that they want for their Christmas. Maybe in the last ten minutes a Christmas carol. Up towards the big man. That kind of thing to do with so far. Nothing more than that in the box. Payet. Line it up. Challenge enough to spoil the aim. Well, they can't complain about any lack of intensity. The passion has been there. They've had some difficult times. If games are decided in 80 minutes, I think we'll see. I think we'll see. I think we'll see. I think history would record a very different set of values, but they're not. So much happens when teams that have had a lot of possessions wear out the opposition in the end. Liverpool trying to do that here. They're full of running as always under Jurgen Klopp. Mane. Lallana. Great play. Great play. And Nathaniel Klein just couldn't keep it down. Well, he arrived on the scene at the perfect time, didn't he? Having started it. He's got a clear sight to goal there. He is disappointed with himself. It has been a weekend of sharp shooting in the Premier League. Into the consternation of Jamie Carragher. A pretty average defender. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. A little bit more. Taylor to his particular strength. Done well there. Antonio. Nice. Anderson Fernandez. Knocked out by Obiang. too many spells in the second half and West Ham have had a little attempt to do that and that will be an upside against Aaron Prescott got a long way to get back at this point as well as tired legs it is that luck and concentration that can do for you Martin has suffered from that this season West Ham still seems a fair way from being confirmed though Mane Mane his strong foot in the end right there caught in the way of it we'll see from this angle whether it was on target defended the corners pretty well thus far another one to deal with now and again Preswell got some Matty Mane Mane coming back in again from Norma that's probably done by Noble there's Antonio keeping the ball under some duress amazingly there's four Liverpool players around him brilliant and it's a terrific ball for Noble he can't put the crossbar he's intending to do so Henderson hoping he gets a foot in West Ham starting to flex some attacking muscles here knowing that they score again they might be in the third goal leaving with three points and it's a good sign for the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Reds and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens and the Greens here's Carroll and Karius in his first real one-to-one and the giant West Ham attacker did very well well he was fairly decisive, he had a keeper and made the right choice to punch it I think without any doubt no-wall that was one-handed I sense that the Liverpool fans might be saying what's wrong with you? to get a good anxious seat, West Ham come forward now. And the only points dropped at home this season. And remember, they are a game down, because that game against Burnley in August was switched to Turf Mall, because this big man's downward broadcasting frame wasn't ready. And Manchester United have got a draw here. A very different kind of draw, it must be said. Back in October. Three minutes past stoppage time. When Liverpool were the top team in the 70s and 80s, they won so many games on the way to clinching titles with late goals. Only the late one here. To avoid losing ground. They're not halfway even in the race yet. And it's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. Milner. Always want to put it onto his right foot for the cross, and there's always a risk with a right footed cross, but that will happen. But sometimes, in these days we like to put the green flag on hope, especially after a couple of trips. Liverpool always want to realise the estate of Arsenal. We've finally thought about Falchiong, but today we really wanted to give their team something to present. Last footballad. Here's Mane. Here's Mane. Lallana. And here's Mane. Coming into more resilient West Ham defending. Noble. Payet. Okay, the majority of the West Ham team thinking about protecting the point, but there are others led by Payet. They're still sensing a possible route to victory. Mane Carroll came off worse than that at Jewell with Karius. That must be... I would guess... where the blood came from. Yeah, maybe Karius just... catching in the air with the elbow. That's not good news for West Ham. They need everybody on the pitch. It'd be probably better putting a substitute on. Still got one changer, can they? They're a man light at the moment. That's going to be... That's going to be cross-three, is it? Yeah. lots of goals yesterday, 1-0 has been the predominant scoreline so far today Joel Matip, four games between these two clubs last season West Ham won both Premier League encounters and the fourth round FA Cup replay after a draw at Anfield, Liverpool managed just one goal in those four matches against the Hammers which is amazing isn't it Martin, how things can change over the space of a few months you mentioned that word intensity West Ham's lack of it that's exactly what we've come to associate Liverpool with this season they've had plenty of time this week West Ham to work on their defensive shape Liverpool as you probably noticed the newspaper reports have been away to Barcelona Jürgen Klopp has been using the time some clever tools to try and give Liverpool a feel of European football which of course they don't have this season Barcelona a couple of days spending time together growing as a group watching Barcelona's game in the Champions League aiming here very much this season to get back into Europe's elite club competition and most of all the ache at Anfield is for the league title Liverpool smoky Eriksen's goal SecretАl they look for a female hot place between they love this stage so quickly, the Split erschassios, moc y Draper, Kamm, Freunde,ams & WillCl separating heads from sports центrum training as a team obviously Maldon and Eriksen last time they faced Fields and curfews in budget so HUG New England at FANS es14 since they lost two games ahead in the postseason 2020 were a suffered 25-year war in R primary, bowling was olmuş there was some drama this last summer, pure fun threatening ball, Darren Randolph possibly could have caught it, came with the punch didn't take any risks and cleared his lines and must hand can move forward trying to get the team up the pitch because they were defending deep and in numbers haven't conceded so many likely for the village, it's smart to bring back a bit of resilience into their play the one thing is there's Vlaio who isn't playing up front Mikael Antonio is starting on the right hand side Antonio, very versatile character and has done this job before, there's not too many players who played it right back under the central striker in the course of the first 14 or 15 games brought into the England squad that's a right sided midfielder that's a right sided midfielder that's a right sided midfielder you could see maybe that being interchangeable between the pair depending on how they go on Origi got it down and was able to retain possession, here's Henderson offside Mark Clattenburg is the referee in his distinguished career, he hasn't taken charge of this fixture before he's been in this role for a long time and he's played quite a bit of time in England I think it's fair to say, Alan, that West Ham's board won't be judging the manager on today's outcome but they've got these four games David Jones has been stressing quite rightly in the studio but they've got these four games David Jones has been stressing quite rightly in the studio Home v Burnley, home v Hull away to Swansea, away to Leicester away to Swansea, away to Leicester they can be defining matches that little run they can be defining matches that little run in his career here West Ham's fortunes this season and the game as we see it is going to be a lot more different this season Obviously the touch by Origi, wanted to play in behind, but Mane takes it and keeps Liverpool on the front foot. Lallana closing in... Adam Lallana! In the fifth minute. For England and for Liverpool, he's been adding goals to his game this season, and that was very adroitly taken. Typical Lallana. Isn't it just, whether it's on the right or the left, this season particularly has been so much more effective, so much more deadly. I mean, West Ham have been dropping off, but they just haven't been able to get close to these Liverpool players. More than once Liverpool have gone down the left. It's a neat bit of control. And that little half-volley was all he needed, Adam Lallana. What a fine take that is. And what a perfect start for the home team, and the minute, the absolute nightmare once, sorry for the away side. Well, he made the awkward look very easy. His fourth Premier League goal this season, he's scored three times for England as well, his first England goals. The last thing that West Ham wanted was to ship an early goal. Oh, yeah. Taken on by Lanzer. A good goal from Lampard. And here's Antonio. The corner. And... With the uncertainty around Karius's... adaptation, I think we should say, to Premier League football. Not the first goalkeeper coming from another country to find it awkward at the start, you think of Peter Schmeichel, no less, who was troubled. David de Gea, too. The opposition will target him. And he wants to punch that, and he didn't punch it very far, and he might have been punished for it. There's a few bodies around him. He didn't fancy trying to catch it. Antonio trying to play the Andy Carroll role, I think, and Fabian in there as well. Lanzini who volleyed over. P spine. N�pjenire. How did they react? Werner. No buy-up. No wonder about this West Ham team, if they were to concede an early goal, how they'd react. Yes. What it would mean for this match. The scoreline. and there are plenty of them these days. But they're not top of the league. That's the stat that really matters. Milner. Henderson. Looking the part again. That's a quick interpassing. Payet unable to keep it for West Ham. Oh, yeah. Ball over the top. And he's got Antonio in. That's a good stop by Karius. That's exactly why they put him through the middle there, his willingness to chase these balls. It's a well-timed run as well, but Payet and Lovren doesn't cover himself in glory there. Not being able to cut it out. Give him a chance, but not much support. I think he was on target, but he couldn't take the chance, Karius. That's the way by Henderson. Henderson. West Ham have already lost eight league games, as many as they did. In the entirety of last season. It's often been felt here in recent times that Coutinho holds the key to the real success of the team. Swagger. That's what Klopp's team can perform. This opportunity over the next few weeks for them to show that they can play the same way without him. Here's Milner. To that extent, Lallana assumes even more responsibility and he started well. Here he is. Winston Reid. Playing safe. Matip. Now Klein. Milner making tracks. Jordan Henderson, whose range of passing has certainly improved. Good. He hasn't hit that one quite so well. Yeah, Noordwijk there in the right-back position. A lot has been coming down his side and for Firmino to contend with it, it's going to be an easy afternoon, I don't think. He, of course, was the player who gave away that very late penalty at White Hart Lane when he was on as a substitute, though. And lets talk about a winning position and ended up empty-handed. Antonio Ayoub, who hit through to Payet, a pushing header from Pogba, Obiang. Cresswell is so good when he goes forward. Get the ball back. Moving top. Acting as a ball boy. Wanting the tempo of the restart. To drop. Firmino. Origi. This West Ham drop off. Easy for Liverpool to find their space in the middle third. Which leads to supply into the box. Mane. West Ham urging their back line to get out. Squeeze the play a bit more. Fighting the pressure by sitting in there. Pressure in there until the free kick. The team started well in this return. Good on the ball. Spreading the play. Lallana. Origi. Cresswell can shepherd it back to Aaron Randolph. Aaron Randolph played a Premier League game here the day after his 20th birthday. His debut at this level was for Charlton in their last game before relegation. He didn't play in the top flight again for over eight years. And his second game back was here at Anfield. Keeping that clean sheet. And so the Hammers won here 3-0 last season. A high proportion of Darren Randolph's games in the Premier League have been Liverpool away. What a mix-up. But there is no doubt that Gareth Anderson took a big role in the nauseous save. Behind him the youth again along with hisetuels. Everybody's arrive and waiting. Hendovan making his way off the field on a flat attack. Which was a mistake by decision. 外21 Hoek taboum Fabian Hoek under threat by tirogang Organ legato by Deranc notre almighty mythst equip 28% He has turned the pivot five times. The Juventus world cup finalis in the final. And the goal considerations and他說 Greg eaten food. going a goal behind in the fifth minute. Maybe not such a shock where it's been going recently. You do wonder about their mental strength at the moment. Mark Noble will be on top of that. Pretty much the local hero. Team captain, team spokesman, team sufferer when things aren't going well. Two points from their last five games. Five girls conceded at home to Arsenal. Painful blow to take and bounce back up. Milner. Firmino. Passed by Milne. It wasn't English football at all with Arsenal, but he didn't make the first team in North London. Manzini. Here's Origi. Now Mane hasn't really had the chance to express himself as yet. A great ball to Firmino. Corner. That's an magnificent ball if you meant it, Mane. Pinging it across the edge of the box to his teammates here. Associated so much with running with the ball and his finishing. He picked it up, he meant it. Fl Holloway, elong with MRZ. making sure your teammates remember the signals in the middle. Not quite like the NFL playbook Henderson takes two Milner Get up, get up! Lallana, not perhaps the strongest coming in at the back post. And the high ball is Lanzini. Lallana nearly fell at both for Henderson and the out-loppers. Milner again. Mane for Kompany. Back to Milner. They win again, Liverpool. It's that one ball, Antonio, way up the pitch. They've still got him in once, they might be able to do it again. It must be a good 40 yards away from his teammates. But if they can't match Liverpool's energy and their work ethic this time, they're not going to be in big trouble. And they haven't so far. Moved the ball about so quickly, particularly in the middle of the park. The West Ham lads can't get their foot on it. Again, coming down that left-hand side for Liverpool. They regularly outrun their opponents, Liverpool, and it gives them a chance to out-skill them as well. Ayo. Scored a couple of goals for Swansea. The last one against Wembley. The last one against the likes of Watchmen, at the back end of last season, down in South Wales. And it's a goal! And it's a goal, and it's a goal. That's his new career. West Ham was hampered when he was injured in the opening game, that Monday night football at Chelsea. He damaged a hamstring, and... and a while before he could get going again. It's been one of the factors, Alan, hasn't it? They have had a lot of injuries right from the start of the season. It's one of a number of reasons, Paul, forward we can put forward as to why West Ham are struggling yeah can afford that and also bear in mind that these new recruits haven't exactly hit the ground running that's another reason new ground of course hasn't helped great history there yet for West Ham new training ground although everyone says they're pretty comfortable in it at the corner nice famous game really I think between these two clubs the 2006 cup final the man that helped Liverpool out of a pretty sticky situation and won it for them in the end though no one player ever wins one game but if anybody does I guess it would be him it was a fantastic final now so not just ex-Liverpool but an ex-footballer Randolph took charge in the end also the second season syndrome under Slavon Bilic maybe undoubtedly over achieved in the first yeah when you think Finnish seventh above Liverpool they did punch above the wide field absolutely pulling up trees most weeks shouldn't write them off this early in this game knows he probably could have let that go but it was a reason to bring it back a moving ball was no one's going to dispute that I don't think you're not going to put a replay about it I think his spirit was to allow Liverpool to go but wasn't within the laws of the game here's Matip Lovren it was extraordinary what happened down at Bournemouth it's only the second time in Liverpool's Premier League history that they've thrown away a 2-0 half-time lead both times have been this year and both times on the south coast it was Southampton back in the first half of the season and then Liverpool won the game at the end of last season and Bournemouth a week ago Reid doesn't seem to be any pattern to this West Ham side no understanding between the players out there when they're trying to go forward at least I think the side of Jürgen Nielsen here prevent topoe the next half-time and it was just Bardzo hard game to Nou Exercise also it's fair because watch back Tottenham I last time I got three in the box now four they look for an equalizer here at Anfield a few of that will include a corner well remarked in the slow and committing men forward there West Ham they don't have many chances to do that the more they can get him on the ball those who don't say the better all Antonio's goals this season all six of them have been headers and he's poised around the penalty spot and Bonner coming in behind him and he only gets a piece of it this well Alanzini rather settles for the throw which Aaron Cresswell will take I contacted the strikers they said the big Ajs gone And they're unable to rein it in well last month some of them came here and defended for their lives didn't they? Having conceded such an early goal... No, it's better when you've got something to defend, something to hold on to. For Liverpool, it's extremely comfortable at the moment. Over the line. Over the line. Quite at the right angle to suit Ayew. This was a bit of a shoo-in win for Liverpool. West Ham really did themselves justice in the away game at Anfield. Decade after decade. Yes, yes, yes! Before last season, their previous league winner here... Inside Antonio, their previous league winner here was back in 1963. And their scorers before the World Cup final of 66 were Martin Peters and Jeff Hurst. Milner. He's got to be trapped here when he goes forward like that. Don't know how you side. And now they're a bit square on. Offside. Coming back was Roberto Firmino. Because it is so easy for Liverpool, they've just dropped off a little bit in terms of their intensity. O'Bonner. Now Reid. Certainly West Ham have just felt their way into the match. Enjoy the better spot. Into a reasonable position. Lovren has to whack it out of play. They have had the ball in better, more advanced areas, haven't they? Over the last, what, five minutes or so? Two minutes! Three minutes! And... It's a front. And here's Mane, put the goal directly for goal. And Mane was trying to have it back for Lallana. Lovely ball from one hand on that one. It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... It's a key phase of the game this, because the next goal is going to be... be very important. And left hand, the show signs that they're capable of getting it. Cresswell. Gives them such balance on the left hand side, they've missed him for a lot of the season. Obiang. Biomatic, collected by Ogbonna. Comes out to Obiang, hasn't got a goal for West Ham as yet. And wasn't really looking to oblige. He just had a chance for someone else. This is, in a way, has set up a chance for Dimitri Payet. Yeah, much better for West Ham. Forcing Liverpool back a bit, asking questions. Payet hit the bar, didn't he, for which Andy Kerr nodded in last week against Arsenal. That was a fantastic free kick. I have a feeling that some managers want even more substitutes than free allowed these days. And if that helps, Payet could probably be named on the team's feet until he's 60. He has to come on any late set piece. He's that good. But it hasn't been that often this season for West Ham. Maybe now, when they really need it. It's a great stage on which to show off your talents as a visiting player, Anfield. There are other options as well. One of which includes Aaron Cresswell's left foot. He's moved away. It's set up now for Payet. There you are. Lives up to the billing. West Ham are level. And the Frenchman has found his match. I'm not sure it should have gone in. I think we'll be extremely disappointed having what seemed a couple of strong hands on the ball. But you can never discount this, lad. One hand at least. Oh, he's curling away from the keeper. Maybe he doesn't move his feet as quickly as he might. But having said that, the technique, the skill involved in this, is top class. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. And it's a good thing. He's top class from Dimitri Payet. And it is a reflection of how they've come back into this game, West Ham, in the last five or ten minutes. Oh, that important next goal has gone to the Hammers. Trademark Payet. And one point sweep. Made by trying to defend here, Wozniak to... being penalized. Henderson. Get up, Finley, come here. Comments coming forward. Mane. Lallana. It's all a bit tight in the West Ham penalty area. It's out to Henderson. A give-and-go. Henderson. Very well trapped by Mark Noble. They don't stop attacking with that kind of pace, Liverpool. Really, they've stepped off it. That goal for West Ham sure to give them the back side they need. WHISTLE BLOWS That kind of pulled everyone back, so unattended. Klein can clip it in again. That was Origi. Lovren came round behind the striker. Firmino. Got this by Noble. In by Nordvijks. GUNFIRE But Karius had decided that the other side of the goal was his side. And Payet put it over the wall. That's right, so often the goalkeeper stays central and they get called out then. It's always a question mark, but... If it goes into the attacker's side of the wall, you've got to say, what a good free kick. Liverpool have to wipe that from their memories now, and kept in front again. And here's the ball that Antonio loves. Karius has read it well. Bit like Bruce Grobbelaar of bygone times. GUNFIRE And... he is here today, with Ray Clements, two Liverpool goalkeeping greats. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE I mean, you're right, I mean, it was the wall side. So often we criticise keepers for gambling, taking a step... the wrong way, and then get beaten on their side. It didn't happen on this occasion. It's a part of the art of goalkeeping, you've got to know your free kick taker, I suppose, and whether Karius knows that much, having been here for such a short period of time, but Payet's been very much in the public eye, in the last season. And through the... European finals with France I know Slavon Village has been asking for more from Dimitri Payet Boyz with Studio saying that Payet didn't get perhaps a bigger move than he thought he was gonna earn with his West Ham season last season and his good showing for France He's stayed put or perhaps been made to stay put but then Slavon Village really getting on with it all this day here corner flag playing its part and that's the corner, Mark Noble yeah typical work from Mark Noble there didn't give it up something James Milner knows all about, not giving it up what would have surprised him is the corner flag in Slavon's play and it's led to another West Ham corner, they're ahead on that particular stat and they're getting ahead in the game now Lanzini Lanzini Lanzini Lanzini trying to read the second ball as it dropped by Lovren and they try to link up with Divock Origi attempt stats tell a pretty accurate story, West Ham more than deserving of their equaliser not young phenomenal here we go delirious and others Noel Buggs stopping Firmino at the expense of a corner here is who the economy put him down he took off he's let the single back that's good he's got Suset no oh man James Milner still in Lowe on our side not going to let it go another goal against them sent the batsman forward for Jurgen Klopp good ball in the tee for the touch Peter finished it here's box office Ogbun Ivan Bilic talking about West Ham having to hand drop the good memories from their performances against Liverpool last season Origi Klein rather blind here by Cresswell Antonio and then the other one could only knock it out you've got to give them credit West Ham for responding the way they have after enduring a nightmare start and then the other one could only knock it out must be pleased could have easily feared the worst it's a really engaging man many layers to his character a law degree a musician very good footballer and now his hips aren't too clever these days love it love it love it love it love it love it 10 minutes to go to half time 10 minutes to go to half time West Ham United after a very tense good start making a real fist of this so far making a real fist of this so far making a real fist of this so far what about West Ham West Ham whether Cresswell what about West Ham what about West Ham what about Cresswell West Ham whatever in handy what about West Ham whatever in handy Firstoku British I think it might been any other away ground that the thought of scoring a spectacular lead Hand on it. There's room for Wijnaldum. He'll be checked back rather than driving on. Might be in here. Wijnaldum. Rame and the shot is just wide from Firmino, they were queuing up to have a shot at Randolph's goal. Firmino not quite catching it, but Wijnaldum, timing his run well. Expect a few more goals from him when he got one so far. Bit of a bobbler in the end from the Brazilian. Nice alliteration there. A bobbler from a Brazilian. I didn't mean it. You're a proper commentator if you do the alliteration, I promise you. Here by Reid, not very far, not very well. Firmino's a bit disappointed, he pulled away to the back post. Milano couldn't quite master the roll of the ball to get in an early cross. Now the flag's up for offside. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Getting close to Christmas as well, the season is coming. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Getting close to Christmas as well, the season is coming. It's really sharpening up the Premier League. Seasonal feel everywhere, Bournemouth against Southampton. It's a big derby for Bournemouth, I'm not sure the Saints want to embrace it as that just yet, but they should. 12.30, and then Manchester City against Arsenal. So, a must. Followed of course on Monday by a certain matchup, Everton against Liverpool. Everton against Liverpool. Everton against Liverpool. Payet. Payet. Payet. Payet. Payet. smoked Hate. Antonio, can he reach it? He will do! And it trickles in, and West Ham have turned it around here. He's been a threat, running in behind, and when there's any hesitation, it's dangerous for Liverpool, it's been very dangerous here. Liverpool 1, West Ham United 2. Incredible, John Matip less than pleased with himself here. The way he doesn't get his feet sorted out to cut out that ball. Antonio maybe thinks, have I put enough on this? As he flicks it past Karius, but he had. It's a soft one to allow that to go as far as it did. Matip just can't adjust himself quickly enough, Antonio's onto it. What a turnaround. And West Ham's man of many parts delights the manager, who used his versatility today. First goal this season that hasn't been a header from him. And look at that, seven already. Well, it's... ..his turn to look at the sort of turnaround he was on the wrong end of. Last one. And it's a tough one for Liverpool. What an extraordinary weekend this has been for goals in the Premier League. What has happened to the defenders these days? THEY CHANT They're not complaining. I think the coaches will be asking that sort of question. THEY CHANT They've been so tight here, only conceded four before tonight. It's all footballers at the back, where are they headed? They're headed and kick it, defenders. THEY LAUGH They were not so good at playing from the back, but actually stopped the opposition scoring, which is the main thrust of being a professional defender. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Payet. Off goes Antonio again. THEY CHANT And Lovren matching it. THEY CHANT That's painful. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT He's off the pitch. Mark Clattenburg has let the game go on, he's coming back home again. It's just a bad advantage. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Moritz got his goal. THEY CHANT Van Alden. THEY CHANT They just lied from the head of Roberto Firmino. THEY CHANT What a good half, again in the Premier League. They're queuing up here with Origi, get their heads on it. That was good in the air, Firmino. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Good chance. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT One trip up from East London so far worth the journey. THEY CHANT They've maybe had 3 points last season, the team keeps on the built. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT That's come on by Payet. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THE Nurburgring F 웃. THEY CHANT Matip Henderson important for West Ham to get to half time with their lead still intact and they have settled down and reorganised as a back four after that that's the perfect start 90 seconds past stoppage time before the half time whistle Lovren you mentioned it Alan Liverpool rather took their foot off the gas prematurely only sprinted into a one goal lead a first spell there after that first goal they were so comfortable it was all going their way did West Ham have a chance to to to get back into it he wasn't in charge of a 3-0 home defeat last season that was at the tail end of Brendan Rodgers playing as the Liverpool manager climbs him there through by Wijnaldum quite reaching Origi and it's a good start and he's got a great start he's got a great start he's got a great start he's got a great start good support to the Pye by Cresswell to combine again it's a risky from Aaron Cresswell and Firmino Lallana can take it on Mane Henderson on the spin from Origi and Cresswell's heart still beating a bit faster