so Jose Mourinho preparing to try and face down football's Einsteins against the team that ended his Chelsea reign it was only three days after Leicester had beaten Chelsea and his tenure at Stamford Bridge came to an end Ranieri back at the ground where his team went to the brink of the title with their draw last season they found themselves a goal down inside eight minutes but such was the mentality that they built up during that title winning run that they got a point from the game it is perhaps unusual for champions that they still go into plenty of matches very much regarded as underdogs certainly this kind of game here's Riyad Mahrez who played such a full part in their title win the first challenge for Daley Blind and he wins the title could be a key area that where the Daley Blind can contain a tricky winger he depends on his position in his anticipation more than his speed or physical qualities from this point as we know he's a box full of tricks Mourinho might have faced a tricky decision had Luke Shaw been fed bearing in mind the criticism of the second Watford goal but a minor groin tear almost made the match a tie for the team a minor groin tear almost made the match a tie for the team a minor groin tear almost made the match a tie for the team and it was the manager's decision for him although it was still left really up to him to choose between Rojo and Blind and it was the manager's decision for him although it was still left really up to him to choose between Rojo and Blind given away by Wes Morgan the man who got Leicester's equaliser here at the end of last season now Pogba now Pogba this is Ibrahimovic this is Ibrahimovic given away by Mata to Islam Slimani it's Blind who retrieves it I think for United it's always the same when you've endured a bit of a tough spell you want to start the match you want to set the standards set high standards set the good tempo I'm sure that will be the home team's aim here is as expected starting out on the left is as expected starting out on the left Mourinho with the personnel to match up Leicester if he did choose to do that use Rashford as a second striker alongside Ibrahimovic yeah but he's clearly in there well for his goals for one thing how could you leave him out at the moment but for his energy his enthusiasm his pace which they have been lucky and of course Jesse Lingard will supply a bit of that as well on the opposite side the siege mentality has served Mourinho well in the past and he is building up that us against the world kind of mentality again says today we don't feed the vanity of the opinion makers he's admitted it's been a bad week but says we're going to do what we did all our lives fight hard Mata Lingard Morgan on the scene just ahead of Paul Klopp Warren felt he'd played it against the United States and he's a very competitive midfielder not very obvious whether they thought he'd come and back off for Leicester captain there's Mata now Ibrahimovic Pogba seeking out Valencia who's got forward into a lot of space and Albrightness now come across to cover that in towards Ibrahimovic but met by Morgan it's Blindu strikes it Zila on trouble Colombo opposition Ibrahimovic Pogba Mourinho Mourinho Mourinho Mourinho Mourinho Mourinho Mourinho for United in their start under Mourinho, but how quickly things change, and United here looking to avoid a third consecutive league defeat. Yeah, any manager would love to have this kind of talent available, but it's not always easy finding the right balance, the right mix. And it's early days for Mourinho at United. Last time they did suffer three defeats in a row was over Christmas last season, and the third of those games at Stoke was when Louis van Gaal did drop Wayne Rooney. Ashford has won the free kick. Yeah, Martin saw it in the block. Danny Simpson. Here's Pogba. Now, Blint. This is Rashford. Space in the end was occupied by Morgan, who cleared. You certainly don't want to see Rashford get into the box like that. I think that's the message from the captain. Try and get in the tackle. That sauce out on that flank. There's Smalling. Now, Eric Bailly. This is Herrera. It's an attack in central midfield, isn't it, with Pogba and Herrera. Both players loving to get forward normally. They have to pick the moments. Leicester such a great counter-attacking side. Mata finding Antonio Valencia. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. That's the end of the match. But, my dear, I don't think we'd have seen that. And so United do have the corner, which Juan Mata will take. Punch from Zila. Here's Lingard. Swung in by Mata. Away by Huth. Ibrahimovic. Capable of the spectacular. Yeah, I was just going to say, you wouldn't be surprised to see that. End up in the top corner. It's been a good positive start from United, taking the game to Leicester, as you'd expect. So many eye-catching moments in the career of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. His debut goal for United was a header to win the Community Shield against Leicester or Wembley. And that was a big one for the team. I think the two of them are doing a good job. I think the two of them are doing a good job. I think the two of them are doing a good job. I think the two of them are doing a good job. Drink water. Taggers up. The moment that Jamie Vardy moved towards the ball. Different challenge for Jamie Vardy now. New strike partner against Leimani. So they'll be working on things on the training ground, I'm sure. I do like the look of this lad now. I've watched his goals and most come inside the box. Many inside the six-yard area. He's a poacher in that respect. He's an orthodox centre-forward. He'll back in. He'll always be in that box. Gives you something different. Him something different to what he had. Something different from Okazaki. Just have some armoury there now, doesn't he, Ranieri? Okazaki and Bejoa both on the bench today. Moussa not even involved. Danny Drinkwater. Now Christian Fuchs. Looking to matter the slip. Vardy on the stretch finds Markle Brighton. Brighton felt he was caught there by Valencia, but Mike Dean saw nothing amiss. Pogba's touch. There's Lingard. Back to Paul Pogba again. Now Ibrahimovic. Rashford has made the run in from the left. And he didn't have much space to play with there. The big centre-forward. This through ball. Had to be perfectly weighted. Right idea. Well-timed run from Rashford. Rashford. There's Rarro. It's not the most part in this, only ten minutes. Characteristically sitting on. It's not a challenge they'll be scared of. I know Christian mentioned that match last season, they got the equaliser out of nothing, really. I think it's about Old Trafford, it's no longer the fortress it once was. I think visiting teams come here and they're willing to have a go. Hoops trying to do just that. And it's Albrighton who's won it back and gets it back and he's slided across here, he was looking for the head of Slimani, well anticipated though by De Gea. That's not the best effort from Albrighton. She was much better than that. The And that's Danny Drinkwater. Now Mahrez looking to take on Daley Blind, who stands his ground. Leicester hope for a few more, no situation on insulating, Mahrez up against Blind, Robert Hoof. It's Fuchs again. Slavani going in towards David De Gea. He dropped that high ball at Watford, didn't he? David De Gea, a rare mistake from him. Di Garlò couldn't punish. But there was still punishment enough for Manchester United, and they're reeling from that, despite the temporary lift of reaching the next round of the EFL Cup. Another meeting with Manchester City. Here's Pogba. Now Eric Bain. Valencia. Smalling. To Plympe. Here's Lingard. Lingard. Who scored a very good goal against Leicester at Wembley with a run from the halfway line. That was aimed towards Slavani. Here's Mahrez. Albrighton's cross. Slavani tried to cushion it into the path of Riyad Mahrez. They do get themselves at the pitch so well, so quickly, Leicester. Albrighton slides in. Christian Fuchs, three in the middle for him. Long in the end. And then Simpson wrestling away with Marcus Rashford is punished. That's their game-control possession. Plenty of targets in the box. And Slavani, of course, so good in the air. And that he'd threatened that. His goals against Burnley were, as I said, Slavani. We are going to have a very successful game in the next 15 minutes. And of course, Leicester did not unlock the schedule today. Manic. This is pure disaster interthing for Manic. And thenbike. Stakkos too. Will he make it? Will he? Now Blint, Ibrahimovic, a little late to realise the danger being posed by Amati. And Leicester have won it back in that area. By in the way of the ball intended for Jamie Vardy. And here's Herrera. Picked up by Lingard. Now plan matter. Blint. For this fourth United is Marcus Rashford. Couldn't keep it in. Herrera. This is Amati. It's a waste for Leicester. Simpler the ball. To Ormline. Pogba. Pogba. And Lind. Pogba. Pogba. Pogba. Pogba. Pogba. Rashford losing out in the tussle with Danny Drinkwater. Now Mahrez takes over. Yeah, they've worked their way into this game. Leicester. Seen a bit more of the ball now. Pogba. Pogba. Drinkwater right on the margin. Mark Albrighton they did a shout from Valencia two by communication there because Valencia would have just taken that easily some unnecessary touch which has put United under pressure from a corner here which Mark Albrighton will take Mahrez Mark Albrighton pulled back by Fuchs Drinkwater and it's a Marty Albrighton keeping it alive and the flag stays down it's Hoof probably fell to the wrong man but United really do look vulnerable when Leicester go at them blue shirts popping up in space in and around that box there's Valencia blocking it from Drinkwater Hoof certainly onside three times a title winner Robert Hoof and two of those successes under Jose Mourinho at Chelsea and nervousness in the backfields thanks though from the United players Herrera plays ball forward Ibrahimović put the pressure on Hoof and then let frustration get the better of him and this will heavyweight contest this one Hoof certainly not going to back down in a one-to-one duel always in control there just over a week short of his 35th birthday now is Latam Ibrahimović there were plenty who questioned his signing but he has scored in both of the league games here so far he's got pace either side of him today but obviously in one matter he hasn't got it through the middle he's incumbent on the wide lads to make those diagonal runs from out to in the backfield and he's got a little bit of a chance of getting past Ibrahimović here's blint looking for Rashford but Simpson saw enough of that to get it clear Mane finding Mark Albrighton tries to drive it through the middle but finally there Slimani a little frustrated that the ball wasn't played in his direction I saw him against Burnley unhappy once or twice but he didn't get over it and he's got a little bit of a chance of getting over it and he's got a little bit of a chance of getting over it he's just trying to get the ball so and he's got a little bit of a chance of getting over it he's not afraid to have a go at his new teammates header on by Ibrahimović now Lingard trying to get in there against Hooks Albrighton's touch thought Slimani should have been a little closer than he was that's where the lack of understanding comes in with the new man Everybody last season knew the jobs inside out. There's been a bit of ongoing discussion between Albrighton and Slamani about their positions relative to each other. Paul from Mahrez finds Christian Fuchs. Now a slip across to find Valencia. This illustrates Leicester's resurgence, you might say, in this match. Pogba. Here's Blint. Rashford. Herrera. Valencia. It's a close down by Danny Drinkwater who, hunting it back for Leicester, has reaped his reward. It's all a bit ponderous for United. Leicester getting themselves back into position. Making it hard. Matter again. Now Lingard. This is Pogba. He aims to use width and does find Daley Blint. Cleared by Morgan. That's Rashford. Blint with a first. First time cross that earns for United a corner. Yeah, it was a better play actually. Pogba's first time pass out to the left. In a bit of space. This is a lovely header from Rashford. Oh yes! We might get an answer off які then break in up against Haven. Oh yes! Call it, call it, call it. What aoul this go al допành in between. What a goal. Leicester would expect to score not to concede in this fashion They have got a lot of height and power even without Fellaini united But he just gets up above his man, doesn't he? I think Luth maybe originally was supposed to be marking him Just gets up first really good header into the ground makes it incredibly difficult for Zila Just what United needed during a spell in this first half when Leicester are gaining the upper hand 17 months after his last Premier League goal against Manchester City Chris Smalling given the armband in place of the absent Wayne Rooney plays a captain's part It's a very good ball for the full-back Ibrahimovic more worried about the foul than the fact that Lingard had played the ball into it here's Slimani Brushed aside by Paul Pogba to give Leicester the free kick Leicester respond with a set piece of their own here it's Riyad Mahrez with a kick in the direction of Huth and Morgan it was a united head that got to it but Herrera is disputing that 1-2 convinced it should have been a goal killer by Leicester but it's not so much a goal killer as it is a final goal for Leicester. a bit of gold kick United broke through from the corner which is surprising when the likes of Huth and Morgan are defending They have an impact offensively it's in towards Amati it's cleared by Paul Pogba and kept in here by Danny Simpson An event that has been a fine day for the吧 ule of Strawberry Boy inbound will be a serious blow the most It's a classic counter attack courtesy of the pace of Marcus Rashford lovely ball by gesam Andy Reóghaere into the path of the centre-forward, who's never going to run away from his man, but that is a quality ball. It's the worst finish I've seen from Rashford since he's come into the first team. That first touch didn't make it easy, just taking him a little bit wider. It's been all about the finishing of Marcus Rashford so far in his young career. He's lacking on that occasion. Zibrahimovic, who's setting up with a chance. That's it, that's it. Pogba's header, Rashford! It's good the United lads lift, as goals tend to do. This was all... against the odds. Plenty of action. Both ends. Leicester should take on the fact that United have looked a little shaky defensively. Only up now, though. Lind, Rashford. Three, two, one... Good bridge to shoot instead, sets it up, Ibrahimović! Well, a bit lower and that would have been spectacular. Well, it was a majestic little poke through from Paul Pogba. And having done the chest control and spun, that was almost the easiest part to volley it in, to get his knee over the ball and to get it under the crossbar. He did ever so well against Manchester City, Ibrahimović. And that's the kind of technique you need to use to keep the ball low for a similar sort of technique. He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! He's got the ball! Well, as straightforward as the goal was for Jose Mourinho's side, it's taken away that nervous edge that there had been in the build-up to it, and United flourishing and enjoying it a bit more now. Come on! Here's Bailly. Valencia. Eric Bailly again. Loses out. He's got the ball. He's got the ball! Blinked in tight to leave his mark on Riyad Mahrez. Drinkwater's taken a quick free kick. Nice idea, and Bailly has managed to scrap it away. Yeah, that Drinkwater-Vardy link-up. Not an easy one for the striker to take in his stride with his head. A line-up. Nice job by Mourinho. Double bound on though. Nicky peghat in the middle. Salah doesn't really want to go within, he was holding on to the bar, you can imagine. reproaches- resembles Ronaldo looking for more. He's done. But taller RB, he uses it quietly. they struck back last season when we least expected it really without where's Morgan header predating his reign there's been a real strength of character about Leicester Slimani holding off Herrera and here's Pogba Lingard now Ibrahimovic Matta Lind Pogba just trying to catch Zila off guard he's ever so well not to put too much behind this shot it's a side foot really from this kind of distance but when it dips like that it is difficult for a keeper Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba dealt with it the former Manchester United youth it is another corner and then swings this one out again towards Pogba that time but it was Simpson who got it away Herrera feeds Lind Fuchs restricting his room for the cross that time though now under Herrera Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba Pogba and they're meant to have the way then. This is the difference between United and City, isn't it? De Gea on the ball, looking for it long. Not enough personnel to win those first balls in the end, United. Here's Valencia. Robert Schmidt, Pogba. Valencia, his aim was to feed Ibrahimovic, frustrated there by Christian Fuchs. Here, Paul Pogba. Did you see that? He's going to play a big part here with some of his passing. Latta. Rashford back to Pogba. Ibrahimovic, the flag was up. Since they haven't been caught on his heels and got to him a bit late, but he was offside anyway. Here again, though, Pogba. Good awareness. Lester find. Centre forward. Just squeeze half a yard, Lester. A bit more like it. We're feeling a bit happier. More of a zip to their play now. A bit more aggression. A bit more aggression. A bit more aggression. A bit more aggression. A bit more aggression. Syms. A bit more aggression. The right thing by Lester Kontor is to just pop Leintracht ahead. Lester. Fair enough, beast. The left wing is gave away. Pate onminded. G Dame? As они sagen damit. Laha, puh, ha. Regards- Point. Obviously by Brandon van Lescreen and Davidãshan in front there, but I think the corner would have صút îpa часов. He puts it in a skew to the right wing. with his pace down those channels where they'll love to find Vardy Leicester there's the long throw in his weaponry he's got the perfect target as well in Huth but it doesn't reach him it's cleared to Albrighton back by Slimani to Daniel Amati Simpson now Fuchs this is Drinkwater Albrighton Fuchs there ahead of Fran Mata now Amati Drinkwater Valencia trying to play it off Albrighton kept in for Riyad Mahrez Simpson Mahrez tempting Valencia into a challenge they've got to try and get in on the ball more it's been quite 15 minutes Herrera has managed to slide it through here for Marcus Ratchford well won by Danny Drinkwater here's Albrighton Vardy with a header back poor touch from Slimani shouldn't get those second balls so easily though Leicester in the long pass happened a few times he's down to United central midfield not coming deep enough Ibrahimovic showing his strength against Wes Morgan but not showing him too much of the ball and then he's down to the left hand side of the net thank you sorry Wyman Silva rhymes all the time left to the right 방법room протокол just Fletcher GB Shapiro Bye bye видели dukeuggling Joe Covid Sabre Now Mata. Lingard. Left by Rashford for Mata. Now Herrera. This is Payet. Pogba. Lingard. Rashford. Blind. Herrera. Mata. Pogba. Lovely touch for Mata. 2-0. Delicate ball into his path from Jesse Lingard. Mata finishes off the move. And United tighten their grip on this game. But what a good goal and what a big goal this might be in the context of this match. I was just thinking, you know, Leicester were dropping off a little too far. They weren't engaging United in these areas. A little too easy for them. It's not an easy finish. Just bouncing up on it, Juan Mata. But with his technique, it makes it almost look easy. What a good goal. Well, if anyone had any doubts about Jose Mourinho's... selection and the leaving out of Wayne Rooney, they've probably been dispelled with the two goals. The captain, the new captain, Chris Smalling, got the first. And the man who's playing the Rooney role today, Juan Mata, has got the second. Yeah, that Smalling goal settled them down, didn't it? Bit of a swagger back to the game, United. A lot more confidence. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! From the club perspective, he has to be delighted at the fact that they're on their way to a win that would dispel some of the doubts that have arisen. My old manager at Leicester used to say, hope the team wins but the player in your position has a nightmare. Juan Mata isn't doing that just at the moment. It is a squad game more than ever now, isn't it? and let's not forget of course that Rooney is very very close to becoming Manchester United's record goalscorer maybe the break will benefit him there must be part of him still suffering a hangover from the dreadful experience with England at the Euros yep it can quite often help just to take a step back and to watch a match from the dugout can get re-energized here's Mata who's played his part in establishing this lead Rashford took that and it was a ball intended for Lingard they still managed to get a corner out of it though and Mata reacts quickest to the corner and Rashford slides him in for a third before half time and Leicester had completely gone to sleep they didn't react quickly enough to the short corner and Rashford pounces and Manchester United well on their way to stopping the rot now well it's incredibly sloppy isn't it from the restart they're all thinking who am I picking up where am I standing but it's Daniel Amati I think who should be keeping an eye on Juan Mata and he just falls asleep he gets an earful off Mark Albrighton after this Amati but full marks to United down alive they're sharp and they make Leicester pay this could be a bruising day for the champions who conceded four at Liverpool and this will not help they only suffered three defeats in the whole of their title winning season and this would be their third defeat already in this campaign well on the kind of goals as a manager you just would not expect to concede first just getting out jumped from a simple corner standing off for the second and the third was just a calamity really standing off for the second and the third was just a calamity really and the third was just a calamity really 16 years ago yesterday since Claudio Ranieri began his career in English football management when his Chelsea side were 3-1 down here and pulled it back to earn a point from a 3-0 draw not offering too many signs of a recovery here Drinkwater concedes another corner and there will have to be a lot more on their guard than they have on the pitch but they will for the last one but they will for the last one but they will for the last one blin with a corner Pogba! it gets better for United! his first ever goal for the club but it's not enough to get the ball back to the back of the net but it's not enough to get the ball back to the back of the net well talk about turning a screw here Manchester United beating a man while they're down Leicester certainly are on the floor Leicester certainly are on the floor another really poor example of marking another really poor example of marking Christian Fuchs can't get near Christian Fuchs can't get near he's out muscled out four what a good header that is what a good header and he shares in the delight He's out muscled Oh Poetic could he oh Poetic could it be and Pa 따라 LoL make that go thanks Olsif drink water Jamie Vardy in towards Slimani cleared by Antonio Valencia kept in though by Christian Fuchs Albrighton Mahrez wrestling away from Herrera in front of Vardy it was inviting but he couldn't get to it now Rashford challenge there by Danny Simpson let's see what Jamie Carragher's made of it so far well I mean looking at that you think of how important that back four was for Leicester last season I mean this has been a shambles really you can see three from corners and three of that back four it was Fuchs there I think Huth on the first one with Smallon and Danny Simpson loses Marcus Rashford for three of the goals so three of that back four culpable there for three of the four goals I watched them last week a couple of weeks at Liverpool conceded four goals you think of how strong that unit was and helping with the league they're all over the place yes it is very out of character from last season for Leicester to be leaking goals as cheaply as they are yeah you just got to be careful it's the kind of match the kind of defeat that can be difficult to bounce back from can really hurt you they conceded four in the week of course although that was over a period of 120 minutes against Chelsea in the EFL Cup conceded four against Liverpool too and they've got their latest Champions League engagement to come this week against another Jose Mourinho's outside Porto I wonder if you'll think Claudio Ranieri of stiffening up the midfield leaving Vardy up top on his own Slemani's found it difficult I might argue he's just shielding the ball defenders do it so often side Haz Guardiola come back