lost the their way back territorially without suggesting they had too much in the way of punch of their own but cardy now and charged with the task of providing that not too much movement for dawson but morrison comes to collect first time by morrison to a higher call that's what's retrieved by neil sort of part path ethically for handball dangerous moments early on in the second half for leicester these given the success rate they've had west brown from corners and the vulnerability that leicester have shown from corners as was in the case when they won the league to be emphasized as well and Brunt worked out here two groups in the middle one by the near post the others that coming round the back and it's a shame really that the delivery wasn't good because Matthew Phillips broke away would have been free if they had landed in the pre-arranged area yeah and sneaked away Corley heads forward will certainly keep on chasing his Morgan in pursuit and already the difference there was a moment like that in the first half the lower West from defensively speak holy Johnny Evans with his header trying to get it out for throwing short corner invite Morris by Morrison first the options are to his right from the right to the left so straightforward was Brunt on the run it's difficult Lester a court lucky there they considered a corner and Dawson was quick thinking there right back and he did it and he Simpson Christian foods just a bit slow to react now well you do feel if West Brom and get their noses in front these are the kind of situations they're so adapted exploiting stood my system you you Momentum is iss out this déb가 is this meaningful Dad are red across to Phillips good strength Neil during the middle for West Brom including Solomon Rondon Dawson backing up the play and now being ring fencing the that's the penalty area could have played it to the left of Phillips who was unmarked tried to use that as a bit of a bluff they've got a throw in here and they've started this second half the way that they did the first very positive West Brom on the front foot which the previous corner had a holding from both really first Morgan then Dawson got to be careful I mean Huth gave away a penalty didn't he at first last week but much less than that maybe more of the same to come because it's a free kick ambitious in terms of numbers left two out tears Vardy. Sinani. Losing out. There's Fletcher. Got plenty forward here. West Bromwich Albion. And they've got the reward from James Morrison's head. Albion looking good at the King Power again. That's one of those. James Morrison, an experienced player. He times his run beautifully. In the build-up. Rondon does ever so well to keep the ball, to keep this move alive. Keep you eye on Morrison just through the D now and feeds it into that far corner. The pace is on the ball. It's a good ball for Matt Phillips. It really is. And that is a top header. It's been a good start to this first, second half and even better now. And it's a goal from open play for West Bromwich Albion. They've been few and far between this season. James Morrison with England-Scotland coming up. And he scored in the last one at Wembley for the Scots, if you might recall. Oh. Oh, you're going to have to... Yes. Yes. Yes. Fletcher. They've approached the start of both halves with real gusto and maybe, in a sense, taken Leicester by surprise, certainly in the first half. Remember, they haven't lost at home in the league for over 13 months. West Brom have never lost in this stadium. They've been really good. Yeah, maybe they have taken Leicester by surprise. The way his team have been really positive, gotten them forward in numbers. Oh, you hear all these reports from disgruntled West Brom fans that we don't do anything away from home. Hardly worth going to watch. And it's been well worth watching here. And double their money, maybe. By Simpson. Hey, here is Bournemouth. We can't lose to consulting finance agents like Lyndon Un halam olhai. We'll see what happens to S какоеnc e wh le Naw今天 o Flock all over again. Thank you very much to Milford Brom. Also, we're honouring the fact that these new year's Bad Facebook players. You know, the last time that's come up, and, you know, it hasn't been t dejass Books in 12 months, Look at thewth one match day or two. FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE Forward by King. Mbappe, with his goal, touch back, needed even more by Leicester City. Mahrez. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That's the head-up from Slemanic. That's what he's been bought to do, it's 1-1. APPLAUSE After a tepid first half, the game has come alive in the first ten minutes of the second half. We've seen Riyad Mahrez try and swing in a few of these, but this time it really is right on the money. Once again, he's just cut inside onto that left peg of his. Just about stays onside, Slemanic. He makes it look easy, but it's the placement, it's an extremely good header, and it's a very good header. Very timely one. APPLAUSE They think he's off, but he gets the benefit. And all good teams strike back when they have to, and they've raised it a level, Leicester. A header apiece. First Morrison, now Slemanic, 1-1. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Puth. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Phillips. Yacob. Good movement by West Brom again. In by Neal. Headed out by Foote. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Front. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pucked by Vardy. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Slemanic got a couple on his Premier League debut against Burnley. And he's come up trumps here. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE How infuriating for Tony Pulis and West Brom again. Worth their 1-0 lead. But immediately snatched from them. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Inside Daughton. Moose is in here. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Chance to pick out Vardy. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC And it's going to open the game up now. MUSIC Where there were no spaces in the first half, there are plenty now. MUSIC front London and Morrison in the middle sealers ball last his turn ball carrying by Fuchs towards Vardy by Macaulay he's played a give-and-go he's certainly still going disappointed it went to Rondon side really Macaulay gone hair in cord it's a change to the West Brom master plan we're watching today full of adventure and Claudio Ranieri's team are having to try and match it well just one attempt and one goal for his team we'd expect to win they're facing much better things now Simpson to win the ball he won it fairly the first time but not the second I've been wondering why they didn't stop the cross West Brom why they didn't show him onto his other side rather than on his left they didn't quite trap Simani offside back line that's so orderly great work by Moussa that's the really warming for their task now on a very cold afternoon in the East Midlands probably the oldest day of the season so far well Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run well Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run but this time he comes in with a good run that b يد لن ينزل but this time he comes second best this time he comes second best and his teammate helps him out he hasn't touched the ball has he that's an old trick touch it walk away and the other fella can dribble in Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Goal! there he has it! Off the line. It wouldn't have counted for Robert Huth. Well, Phillips does his job. It's just Huth to get his head on the ball. Tony Koulis, one of those managers that likes him out on the post. That's why. That's the... ..three-kick was given for tussling by Huth. Kind of... ..stuff we saw at the other end, which wasn't penalised. Vardy. Horatious appetite for action here. Penal substitute, that often, of course, more recently in this game. Only ever scored one... CHAMPIONSHIP CHANTING ..senior goal in the Championship action for Leicester. As a substitute. Mahrez. In towards Vardy. Comes out for Drinkwater. Inviting the opportunities to strike him. Now he gets some joy down the flanks now. Left-hand right, Leicester. Lyon beaten this time. Maction! And he's going for OKLAHI! Come on, Major! Oh, no, no, no! Now gone. FANS MUZZLE HALF-TIME BATTLE KNOW revise Timeout! Whatemat! I think that Demaree Gray is going to come on. And maybe... Mike Moussa, who did start the game in Copenhagen. Midweek. Mahrez. He's got an assist, Alan. His first Premier League assist of the season. Yeah, Mahrez. It's a start. James Morrison has only become the fifth player to score for West Brom. This season. Phillips. Neal. Hakeem, just to keep the ball for a bit, because Leicester really were built to give the ball to the right side. They're holding up a head of steam. Brom trying to slide it through. It might have been offside. Protecting the back four again. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Evans. That was well the pass was aimed for, a bit of a miscalculation by Fletcher as well. THEY CHANT Then Water. King. A lovely ball from Mahrez. Behind by McCauley. Lovely control too from Mahrez. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're going to see a hat-trick if Heddy goals here. THEY CHANT Quite like that. A little hoof. Flicked up and Heddy gone. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Rondon Phillips now Morrison one less thing of the ambition of the Albion Dawson Brunt heavily done Vardy trying to link up with Slimani Rondon Rondon didn't win it he struggled to get it away as well Phillips Phillips in there Rondon doing well to occupy that that's the defence Pukes Moussa down the way from Gotcher Slimani bringing Mahrez inside by under hitting the pass might be an angle for the cross to Slimani more difficult a real handful for Leicester as you say Alan but probably not a good one for Leicester at that time Pukes Moussa lets it run Mahrez Morrison Brunt keeping calm a congested part of the pitch attempted pass was blocked deflected to Femi Simpson one way nips down this for Tommy Pulis and it's the best spell that Leicester have put together Leicester have put together Leicester have put together I keep getting the ball to Moussa and Mahrez I keep getting the ball to Moussa and Mahrez the few times he played against Moussa behind for a goal kick we'll see now whether he is the one to be replaced there he is Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa there he is Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa he's in the red zone Of course, very much from the hub of this fixture in the sense that he was born in Birmingham. Scored a wonderful goal at Old Trafford. And the Leicester supporters have been calling for him to have an extended run. Feeling is, from the management side, they don't quite trust him yet. This is a situation where his range of talents can turn a draw into victory. Much different sort of style of player to Moussa. Really talented lad. Mahrez. I've seen a lot of him. He's bullied him that time. It's been a key contest. The fact the ball in for Stamani's goal. Probably Mahrez saying, well I'm not going to get past you, so I might as well sling it into the far post. Great. The equaliser was out of the blue from the team in all blue. Doing great heart from it. And it's just weakened the West Brom ambition a bit. Here's Stamani. Drink water. Mahrez. Mahrez. Leicester could be in here. Don't. Ben Mahrez's range of skills is so much better known now. Terrific tussle. And a counterattack with Morrison. We're three on three momentarily, but I guess they're getting players back now. Neon did ever so well back there, just something in the way of Mahrez and his teammates come to his help. Morrison. He's been a very good technical player James Morrison. Phillips, more of the deflection, and Silvester-Romey-Graham in another corner. Hopeful rise from their supporters. Sort out the right-handed set-piece here. What's ever been doing Matt Phillips? In effect, a strong boy. It's become very much like the fixture it was back in March, which finished 2-2. Plenty for the ref to keep his eye on there. Dawson's always a danger. He's got to be careful. He's got to be careful. There's all sorts of appeals from Leicester players, but Dawson just gets up early over those two players. Dawson and McCauley, the two mentioned in the back, but Leicester go fair, and of course Rondon very good at capitalising on any extra marking on them that gives him a bit of space. So near for being successful again. Deeper corner that time. Phillips at the far post. Maybe just sticking out of there, getting something on, and he's from behind Stamani. Would have been his goal. Drink water. It's been really up and at them, second half. Really could go either way here. Neal. Now Evans. He's got a bit of a Brunt. A very worldly-wise look to Tony Prumus' team. Nice and nice. Brunt. Evans, Brunt. He's been around a lot. Here's Brunt. A bit blunt, though, even sharp. You like that one. You're right, though, Martin. I've got so much experience and too much know-how, I think, to be really involved in a scrap in that bottom three. You might have seen Barcelona in the week. You've seen them tonight. Ain't severe. Sky Sports won at 7.30. Fuchs. He missed. He missed a lot. Cannon,ified run through for Le experiencing, then they put it up and went for Le, había conseguido llegar. Le Lobatry, Le Lobaran. Yup. Le Lobaran. A light back in the game .... Yes of course Hoskins. Good auf Han, Nadine. Good off Ludwig. frustration because he just doesn't get anywhere near enough on this having said that there's still quite a bit to do but he keeps his composure Matt Phillips I said he'd had a good game and he shows the confidence here just to wait for the keeper and Dinkit real good pace to get away from Chris Morgan he's not always provided the goals that his pace and power suggests he's capable of as cool as a cucumber there Danny Drinkwater has to take the blame been relegated twice from the Premier League Blackpool few years ago now and more recently with Queensborough Rangers determined not to be involved in another battle down at the bottom again Dawson heading even closer to what happened here back in March 2-2 but as I said earlier it was a bit of a surprise when Leicester equalised the first two games the first two games and now ali again early on in his microbiology yes he has a big deal behind the gauge it's a 작업 like he says 이고 u so he Но will go there now it's an emergency Oh, we had a Dawson own goal last weekend, didn't we, with Watford? Then we had a Mawson own goal on Monday. And by Johnny Evans, they're trying to raise their game again. In by Mahrez again. In and out by McCauley. Gray. Fuchs. It's quite getting up on it. What a chance that was. He's come on to the ball perfectly, nothing wrong with the timing of his run. You can see he's just trying to steer it into that far corner, but sometimes when... Confidence is in a bit of a heist. That can happen. Arsenal, September of last year. The last visiting team to beat Leicester here in the Premier League. Chelsea have done it in the EFL Cup this season. In fact, the last of five winners here have been London clubs. An FOB-草間 surgeons from Lausanne, also majoring in football tonight. An English friend of Mine clip.com. Can you see that? Never lost. It's not being smashed in ground, is it? I mean, we've got plenty of good play. You feel the throwing has gone the wrong way. The coach is terrified, I guess, that from that throw halfway line they might go all the way up the field and score. From a great injustice. Very rarely happens. Great. Hoo. It's great defending in the front again by Salomon Rondon. Putting in a shift is the expression that comes to mind. And he's not alone. The blue and white stripes. Here's Morgan. Really expecting Gray to win that. And he does. And he does. Simpson. Mahrez. Just about timed right by Evans. Not the man. Drinkwater. Gray. Mahrez. He's left on the left, twinkling feet. Gray, likewise, chance for a penalty, but not noticeably from the Leicester players. Chris Hick. Damari. And there's Damari Gray again. Mahrez, you saw that, came in field, came out to the left, and the more he does that, the better, I think. Good score in the 2-2 here in March, David's day as it was for the Welshman. I mean, if he can... If he can get himself into the box, you're a nervous wreck as a defender, making a challenge, but they do enough, and there's not enough there. McCauley, well, he does strike the shin. He didn't make much of it, as you said, Martin, neither did his team-mates. Slimani and Guardiola make that to each other. Poofed. Slimani. Drinkwater. Desperate to make amends. He's had fantastic seasons. He's played in all of the Premier League. He's played in all of Leicester's games, and in all the different competitions. It's his era that it's made the most of. West Brom to regain the lead. Niel. K. He's got the ball. Niel. Niel. Come on. Come on. The original loose ball, really, and Slimani made it last. It is great. A little bashful when it comes to taking on the opposition. Oh, the simple pass to Drinkwater. And a Simpson to Mahrez. Goes up Niel again. It goes past him this time. It's Andy King coming in behind Demaree Gray. Had to put a bit on it. And in doing so, put it straight at the keeper. It's not often Mahrez has actually gone down the outside. But he saw that coming, Andy King. And he's a good finisher normally. Should have done much better. And there's a great reception by Hoekes. Diverted infield to Gray. Hoekes goes on. Harding, Slimani making tracks into the middle. Not to be a corner. That may pull it out of the fire. That's a good one. Out of the fire. Leicester City. Hoekes, mid the corner. Keepers was a cry from Ben Costa. And keepers it was. Hoekes is looking at Harding to get across. I don't know, but a bit of a waste for Leicester. A bit of a change from Tony Dulles. Matt Phillips. Goes off. In the position at the moment of being the match winner. yeah one of those goals you'd be really pleased about because you have a bit of time to think about it no circumstances you can fluff your lines but you certainly didn't we get another connection with the two-all draw here last season craig gardner scored a wonderful free kick in his own academy we're going to be talking now about mr starr well if you're going to kick a man make sure you touch his einem I can see it through here. It's a block off from the edge of the area. And Morrison thought he was just lifting the ball to a position where he could chase it through himself. Drink water. Here's Mahrez. Nice, co-ordinated. Sub-crossing. In by Gray this time. Mane can't get his dangerous head to it. That's where you want Mahrez, in on the back post, he just held out. On the other end, Morrison just dinking the ball over. Huth, who commits himself. He goes outside the box. Nothing given. He's got to do some work. Well done. FANS ROAR Slimani. Just over five minutes left. Slip, far-cooks, Gardner... Jacob, he's caught in possession. Slimani. Get it through for Vardy and Costa. Responsibly. Bravely. Significantly for West Brom. Javi. Oh, like terrorists there, getting back into position. Those West Brom defenders having seen Jacob dwell on the ball. And that's good goalkeeping from Foster. Closing up so quickly, West Brom. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE Rondon. Free kick goes. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE Poor Rondon. All is run West Brom's way to Gardner. Probably in these circumstances they'd rather have the chance, maybe put it in the box. It's Nao Jara. That's going to come on for Robert Hoot. Having started in midweek with three at the back, maybe they're going to finish here with three at the back. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE FANS ROAR With Hoop out of the equation, why not get into the box and try and win ahead of it? A bit tentative from left, Rob. They were more concerned about securing it at the other end. Yeah, Gardiner will take that yellow card. At this stage in the match... FANS ROAR Pujol. Now Gray. Must have been piling in at the back post. Oh, he missed it. No pass at the far post. He's just trying to whip this in towards Tua, he scored. I'm surprised that Ben Foster's not in a hurry. FANS ROAR Morgan. Morgan, 9-2 at the back, Morgan! Morgan! FANS ROAR Drinkwater. Leicester are trying to rouse themselves for a big finale here. Osborne and Joubin have played very well right from the off. Fuchs. Njara. Thinking about hitting it with his left foot. Gray. Get into the penalty area here with his clever feet. FANS ROAR Played out by Neon. Morrison trying to buy Osborne a bit of time. Flag is up, that will help them. FANS ROAR Alan, some thoughts on the man of the match? Well, there's been a few candidates. I mean, defensively, they've been immense at times, but I think Matt Phillips coming into the side and scoring what may be the winning goal. I think he's had an all-round really good performance. Really good performance. Really good performance and he's taken acclaim for... a regular role, perhaps. I wonder about his career to this point, whether he's quite had the belief in the talents that he's got, the strength and speed, and very much got the modern-day Premier League attacker's build. Mahrez. Mahrez. Mahrez's life is still hoped for Leicester City. FANS ROAR Almost kicked away at right front. Osborne getting themselves into one or two disciplinary difficulties. They get close to the finishing line here, still with their noses in front. Wilking comes easy in the way of Premier League points. Ginwater. Gray. Actions are going at them, bubbling up on him. Cross. Here's for Mahrez. Close down by... Morrison. boils down. Mal jar subl ghost stroke overjets a que esquadrer up a 5.00. d. 5.00 added. Sweet! 5.00 added minutes, given Leicester a new hope here. He might not be too happy with that Can Help the Air Ranieri. Might sense a reprieve. Neil, missed the ball. That's a fantastic ball, very isolated. Neil must have been a player in your thoughts, Alan, as well, but left-backs never get man of the match, do they? He's had a terrific game. Well, he has, he's been beaten a couple of times by Mahrez, but you'd expect that because he's had so many jewels. That was the book he was looking at away. Looking the ball away. HE SINGS Now Robson Kanu. Come on for James Morrison. He's up a bit more time, maybe with a free kick. And he gets away a goal kick. Well, he came into it, didn't he? James McLean suspended, channelling into an operation. The way he was talking, you thought he'd take anything he could get. Folks... Too slim, aren't they? And... A few more seconds will elapse. More frustration for Nadia Raniere. One beaten Co-ospace coach. Nick