lost the their way back territorially without suggesting they had too much in the way of punch of their own but cardy now and charged with the task of providing that not too much movement for dawson but morrison comes to collect first time by morrison to a higher call that's what's retrieved by neil sort of part path ethically for handball dangerous moments early on in the second half for leicester these given the success rate they've had west brown from corners and the vulnerability that leicester have shown from corners as was in the case when they won the league to be emphasized as well and Brunt worked out here two groups in the middle one by the near post the others that coming round the back and it's a shame really that the delivery wasn't good because Matthew Phillips broke away would have been free if they had landed in the pre-arranged area yeah and sneaked away Corley heads forward will certainly keep on chasing his Morgan in pursuit and already the difference there was a moment like that in the first half the lower West from defensively speak holy Johnny Evans with his header trying to get it out for throwing short corner invite Morris by Morrison first the options are to his right from the right to the left so straightforward was Brunt on the run it's difficult Lester a court lucky there they considered a corner and Dawson was quick thinking there right back and he did it and he Simpson Christian foods just a bit slow to react now well you do feel if West Brom and get their noses in front these are the kind of situations they're so adapted exploiting stood my system you you Momentum is iss out this déb가 is this meaningful Dad are red across to Phillips good strength Neil during the middle for West Brom including Solomon Rondon Dawson backing up the play and now being ring fencing the that's the penalty area could have played it to the left of Phillips who was unmarked tried to use that as a bit of a bluff they've got a throw in here and they've started this second half the way that they did the first very positive West Brom on the front foot which the previous corner had a holding from both really first Morgan then Dawson got to be careful I mean Huth gave away a penalty didn't he at first last week but much less than that maybe more of the same to come because it's a free kick ambitious in terms of numbers left two out tears Vardy. Sinani. Losing out. There's Fletcher. Got plenty forward here. West Bromwich Albion. And they've got the reward from James Morrison's head. Albion looking good at the King Power again. That's one of those. James Morrison, an experienced player. He times his run beautifully. In the build-up. Rondon does ever so well to keep the ball, to keep this move alive. Keep you eye on Morrison just through the D now and feeds it into that far corner. The pace is on the ball. It's a good ball for Matt Phillips. It really is. And that is a top header. It's been a good start to this first, second half and even better now. And it's a goal from open play for West Bromwich Albion. They've been few and far between this season. James Morrison with England-Scotland coming up. And he scored in the last one at Wembley for the Scots, if you might recall. Oh. Oh, you're going to have to... Yes. Yes. Yes. Fletcher. They've approached the start of both halves with real gusto and maybe, in a sense, taken Leicester by surprise, certainly in the first half. Remember, they haven't lost at home in the league for over 13 months. West Brom have never lost in this stadium. They've been really good. Yeah, maybe they have taken Leicester by surprise. The way his team have been really positive, gotten them forward in numbers. Oh, you hear all these reports from disgruntled West Brom fans that we don't do anything away from home. Hardly worth going to watch. And it's been well worth watching here. And double their money, maybe. By Simpson. Hey, here is Bournemouth. We can't lose to consulting finance agents like Lyndon Un halam olhai. We'll see what happens to S какоеnc e wh le Naw今天 o Flock all over again. Thank you very much to Milford Brom. Also, we're honouring the fact that these new year's Bad Facebook players. You know, the last time that's come up, and, you know, it hasn't been t dejass Books in 12 months, Look at thewth one match day or two. FULL-TIME WHISTLE FULL-TIME WHISTLE Forward by King. Mbappe, with his goal, touch back, needed even more by Leicester City. Mahrez. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That's the head-up from Slemanic. That's what he's been bought to do, it's 1-1. APPLAUSE After a tepid first half, the game has come alive in the first ten minutes of the second half. We've seen Riyad Mahrez try and swing in a few of these, but this time it really is right on the money. Once again, he's just cut inside onto that left peg of his. Just about stays onside, Slemanic. He makes it look easy, but it's the placement, it's an extremely good header, and it's a very good header. Very timely one. APPLAUSE They think he's off, but he gets the benefit. And all good teams strike back when they have to, and they've raised it a level, Leicester. A header apiece. First Morrison, now Slemanic, 1-1. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Puth. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Phillips. Yacob. Good movement by West Brom again. In by Neal. Headed out by Foote. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Front. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Pucked by Vardy. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Slemanic got a couple on his Premier League debut against Burnley. And he's come up trumps here. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE How infuriating for Tony Pulis and West Brom again. Worth their 1-0 lead. But immediately snatched from them. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Inside Daughton. Moose is in here. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Chance to pick out Vardy. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC And it's going to open the game up now. MUSIC Where there were no spaces in the first half, there are plenty now. MUSIC front London and Morrison in the middle sealers ball last his turn ball carrying by Fuchs towards Vardy by Macaulay he's played a give-and-go he's certainly still going disappointed it went to Rondon side really Macaulay gone hair in cord it's a change to the West Brom master plan we're watching today full of adventure and Claudio Ranieri's team are having to try and match it well just one attempt and one goal for his team we'd expect to win they're facing much better things now Simpson to win the ball he won it fairly the first time but not the second I've been wondering why they didn't stop the cross West Brom why they didn't show him onto his other side rather than on his left they didn't quite trap Simani offside back line that's so orderly great work by Moussa that's the really warming for their task now on a very cold afternoon in the East Midlands probably the oldest day of the season so far well Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run well Dawson in the main has done well against Moussa but this time he comes in with a good run but this time he comes in with a good run that b يد لن ينزل but this time he comes second best this time he comes second best and his teammate helps him out he hasn't touched the ball has he that's an old trick touch it walk away and the other fella can dribble in Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Moussa leaving it for the left foot of Fuchs Goal! there he has it! Off the line. It wouldn't have counted for Robert Huth. Well, Phillips does his job. It's just Huth to get his head on the ball. Tony Koulis, one of those managers that likes him out on the post. That's why. That's the... ..three-kick was given for tussling by Huth. Kind of... ..stuff we saw at the other end, which wasn't penalised. Vardy. Horatious appetite for action here. Penal substitute, that often, of course, more recently in this game. Only ever scored one... CHAMPIONSHIP CHANTING ..senior goal in the Championship action for Leicester. As a substitute. Mahrez. In towards Vardy. Comes out for Drinkwater. Inviting the opportunities to strike him. Now he gets some joy down the flanks now. Left-hand right, Leicester. Lyon beaten this time. Maction! And he's going for OKLAHI! Come on, Major! Oh, no, no, no! Now gone. FANS MUZZLE HALF-TIME BATTLE KNOW revise Timeout! Whatemat! I think that Demaree Gray is going to come on. And maybe... Mike Moussa, who did start the game in Copenhagen. Midweek. Mahrez. He's got an assist, Alan. His first Premier League assist of the season. Yeah, Mahrez. It's a start. James Morrison has only become the fifth player to score for West Brom. This season. Phillips. Neal. Hakeem, just to keep the ball for a bit, because Leicester really were built to give the ball to the right side. They're holding up a head of steam. Brom trying to slide it through. It might have been offside. Protecting the back four again. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Evans. That was well the pass was aimed for, a bit of a miscalculation by Fletcher as well. THEY CHANT Then Water. King. A lovely ball from Mahrez. Behind by McCauley. Lovely control too from Mahrez. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT They're going to see a hat-trick if Heddy goals here. THEY CHANT Quite like that. A little hoof. Flicked up and Heddy gone. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Rondon Phillips now Morrison one less thing of the ambition of the Albion Dawson Brunt heavily done Vardy trying to link up with Slimani Rondon Rondon didn't win it he struggled to get it away as well Phillips Phillips in there Rondon doing well to occupy that that's the defence Pukes Moussa down the way from Gotcher Slimani bringing Mahrez inside by under hitting the pass might be an angle for the cross to Slimani more difficult a real handful for Leicester as you say Alan but probably not a good one for Leicester at that time Pukes Moussa lets it run Mahrez Morrison Brunt keeping calm a congested part of the pitch attempted pass was blocked deflected to Femi Simpson one way nips down this for Tommy Pulis and it's the best spell that Leicester have put together Leicester have put together Leicester have put together I keep getting the ball to Moussa and Mahrez I keep getting the ball to Moussa and Mahrez the few times he played against Moussa behind for a goal kick we'll see now whether he is the one to be replaced there he is Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa there he is Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa Demaree Drake by Ahmed Moussa he's in the red zone Of course, very much from the hub of this fixture in the sense that he was born in Birmingham. Scored a wonderful goal at Old Trafford. And the Leicester supporters have been calling for him to have an extended run. Feeling is, from the management side, they don't quite trust him yet. This is a situation where his range of talents can turn a draw into victory. Much different sort of style of player to Moussa. Really talented lad. Mahrez. I've seen a lot of him. He's bullied him that time. It's been a key contest. The fact the ball in for Stamani's goal. Probably Mahrez saying, well I'm not going to get past you, so I might as well sling it into the far post. Great. The equaliser was out of the blue from the team in all blue. Doing great heart from it. And it's just weakened the West Brom ambition a bit. Here's Stamani. Drink water. Mahrez. Mahrez. Leicester could be in here. Don't. Ben Mahrez's range of skills is so much better known now. Terrific tussle. And a counterattack with Morrison. We're three on three momentarily, but I guess they're getting players back now. Neon did ever so well back there, just something in the way of Mahrez and his teammates come to his help. Morrison. He's been a very good technical player James Morrison. Phillips, more of the deflection, and Silvester-Romey-Graham in another corner. Hopeful rise from their supporters. Sort out the right-handed set-piece here. What's ever been doing Matt Phillips? In effect, a strong boy. It's become very much like the fixture it was back in March, which finished 2-2. Plenty for the ref to keep his eye on there. Dawson's always a danger. He's got to be careful. He's got to be careful. There's all sorts of appeals from Leicester players, but Dawson just gets up early over those two players. Dawson and McCauley, the two mentioned in the back, but Leicester go fair, and of course Rondon very good at capitalising on any extra marking on them that gives him a bit of space. So near for being successful again. Deeper corner that time. Phillips at the far post. Maybe just sticking out of there, getting something on, and he's from behind Stamani. Would have been his goal. Drink water. It's been really up and at them, second half. Really could go either way here. Neal. Now Evans. He's got a bit of a Brunt. A very worldly-wise look to Tony Prumus' team. Nice and nice. Brunt. Evans, Brunt. He's been around a lot. Here's Brunt. A bit blunt, though, even sharp. You like that one. You're right, though, Martin. I've got so much experience and too much know-how, I think, to be really involved in a scrap in that bottom three. You might have seen Barcelona in the week. You've seen them tonight. Ain't severe. Sky Sports won at 7.30. Fuchs. He missed. He missed a lot. Cannon,ified run through for Le experiencing, then they put it up and went for Le, había conseguido llegar. Le Lobatry, Le Lobaran. Yup. Le Lobaran. A light back in the game .... Yes of course Hoskins. Good auf Han, Nadine. Good off Ludwig. frustration because he just doesn't get anywhere near enough on this having said that there's still quite a bit to do but he keeps his composure Matt Phillips I said he'd had a good game and he shows the confidence here just to wait for the keeper and Dinkit real good pace to get away from Chris Morgan he's not always provided the goals that his pace and power suggests he's capable of as cool as a cucumber there Danny Drinkwater has to take the blame been relegated twice from the Premier League Blackpool few years ago now and more recently with Queensborough Rangers determined not to be involved in another battle down at the bottom again Dawson heading even closer to what happened here back in March 2-2 but as I said earlier it was a bit of a surprise when Leicester equalised the first two games the first two games and now ali again early on in his microbiology yes he has a big deal behind the gauge it's a 작업 like he says 이고 u so he Но will go there now it's an emergency Oh, we had a Dawson own goal last weekend, didn't we, with Watford? Then we had a Mawson own goal on Monday. And by Johnny Evans, they're trying to raise their game again. In by Mahrez again. In and out by McCauley. Gray. Fuchs. It's quite getting up on it. What a chance that was. He's come on to the ball perfectly, nothing wrong with the timing of his run. You can see he's just trying to steer it into that far corner, but sometimes when... Confidence is in a bit of a heist. That can happen. Arsenal, September of last year. The last visiting team to beat Leicester here in the Premier League. Chelsea have done it in the EFL Cup this season. In fact, the last of five winners here have been London clubs. An FOB-草間 surgeons from Lausanne, also majoring in football tonight. An English friend of Mine clip.com. Can you see that? Never lost. It's not being smashed in ground, is it? I mean, we've got plenty of good play. You feel the throwing has gone the wrong way. The coach is terrified, I guess, that from that throw halfway line they might go all the way up the field and score. From a great injustice. Very rarely happens. Great. Hoo. It's great defending in the front again by Salomon Rondon. Putting in a shift is the expression that comes to mind. And he's not alone. The blue and white stripes. Here's Morgan. Really expecting Gray to win that. And he does. And he does. Simpson. Mahrez. Just about timed right by Evans. Not the man. Drinkwater. Gray. Mahrez. He's left on the left, twinkling feet. Gray, likewise, chance for a penalty, but not noticeably from the Leicester players. Chris Hick. Damari. And there's Damari Gray again. Mahrez, you saw that, came in field, came out to the left, and the more he does that, the better, I think. Good score in the 2-2 here in March, David's day as it was for the Welshman. I mean, if he can... If he can get himself into the box, you're a nervous wreck as a defender, making a challenge, but they do enough, and there's not enough there. McCauley, well, he does strike the shin. He didn't make much of it, as you said, Martin, neither did his team-mates. Slimani and Guardiola make that to each other. Poofed. Slimani. Drinkwater. Desperate to make amends. He's had fantastic seasons. He's played in all of the Premier League. He's played in all of Leicester's games, and in all the different competitions. It's his era that it's made the most of. West Brom to regain the lead. Niel. K. He's got the ball. Niel. Niel. Come on. Come on. The original loose ball, really, and Slimani made it last. It is great. A little bashful when it comes to taking on the opposition. Oh, the simple pass to Drinkwater. And a Simpson to Mahrez. Goes up Niel again. It goes past him this time. It's Andy King coming in behind Demaree Gray. Had to put a bit on it. And in doing so, put it straight at the keeper. It's not often Mahrez has actually gone down the outside. But he saw that coming, Andy King. And he's a good finisher normally. Should have done much better. And there's a great reception by Hoekes. Diverted infield to Gray. Hoekes goes on. Harding, Slimani making tracks into the middle. Not to be a corner. That may pull it out of the fire. That's a good one. Out of the fire. Leicester City. Hoekes, mid the corner. Keepers was a cry from Ben Costa. And keepers it was. Hoekes is looking at Harding to get across. I don't know, but a bit of a waste for Leicester. A bit of a change from Tony Dulles. Matt Phillips. Goes off. In the position at the moment of being the match winner. yeah one of those goals you'd be really pleased about because you have a bit of time to think about it no circumstances you can fluff your lines but you certainly didn't we get another connection with the two-all draw here last season craig gardner scored a wonderful free kick in his own academy we're going to be talking now about mr starr well if you're going to kick a man make sure you touch his einem I can see it through here. It's a block off from the edge of the area. And Morrison thought he was just lifting the ball to a position where he could chase it through himself. Drink water. Here's Mahrez. Nice, co-ordinated. Sub-crossing. In by Gray this time. Mane can't get his dangerous head to it. That's where you want Mahrez, in on the back post, he just held out. On the other end, Morrison just dinking the ball over. Huth, who commits himself. He goes outside the box. Nothing given. He's got to do some work. Well done. FANS ROAR Slimani. Just over five minutes left. Slip, far-cooks, Gardner... Jacob, he's caught in possession. Slimani. Get it through for Vardy and Costa. Responsibly. Bravely. Significantly for West Brom. Javi. Oh, like terrorists there, getting back into position. Those West Brom defenders having seen Jacob dwell on the ball. And that's good goalkeeping from Foster. Closing up so quickly, West Brom. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE Rondon. Free kick goes. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE Poor Rondon. All is run West Brom's way to Gardner. Probably in these circumstances they'd rather have the chance, maybe put it in the box. It's Nao Jara. That's going to come on for Robert Hoot. Having started in midweek with three at the back, maybe they're going to finish here with three at the back. GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE GUNFIRE FANS ROAR With Hoop out of the equation, why not get into the box and try and win ahead of it? A bit tentative from left, Rob. They were more concerned about securing it at the other end. Yeah, Gardiner will take that yellow card. At this stage in the match... FANS ROAR Pujol. Now Gray. Must have been piling in at the back post. Oh, he missed it. No pass at the far post. He's just trying to whip this in towards Tua, he scored. I'm surprised that Ben Foster's not in a hurry. FANS ROAR Morgan. Morgan, 9-2 at the back, Morgan! Morgan! FANS ROAR Drinkwater. Leicester are trying to rouse themselves for a big finale here. Osborne and Joubin have played very well right from the off. Fuchs. Njara. Thinking about hitting it with his left foot. Gray. Get into the penalty area here with his clever feet. FANS ROAR Played out by Neon. Morrison trying to buy Osborne a bit of time. Flag is up, that will help them. FANS ROAR Alan, some thoughts on the man of the match? Well, there's been a few candidates. I mean, defensively, they've been immense at times, but I think Matt Phillips coming into the side and scoring what may be the winning goal. I think he's had an all-round really good performance. Really good performance. Really good performance and he's taken acclaim for... a regular role, perhaps. I wonder about his career to this point, whether he's quite had the belief in the talents that he's got, the strength and speed, and very much got the modern-day Premier League attacker's build. Mahrez. Mahrez. Mahrez's life is still hoped for Leicester City. FANS ROAR Almost kicked away at right front. Osborne getting themselves into one or two disciplinary difficulties. They get close to the finishing line here, still with their noses in front. Wilking comes easy in the way of Premier League points. Ginwater. Gray. Actions are going at them, bubbling up on him. Cross. Here's for Mahrez. Close down by... Morrison. boils down. Mal jar subl ghost stroke overjets a que esquadrer up a 5.00. d. 5.00 added. Sweet! 5.00 added minutes, given Leicester a new hope here. He might not be too happy with that Can Help the Air Ranieri. Might sense a reprieve. Neil, missed the ball. That's a fantastic ball, very isolated. Neil must have been a player in your thoughts, Alan, as well, but left-backs never get man of the match, do they? He's had a terrific game. Well, he has, he's been beaten a couple of times by Mahrez, but you'd expect that because he's had so many jewels. That was the book he was looking at away. Looking the ball away. HE SINGS Now Robson Kanu. Come on for James Morrison. He's up a bit more time, maybe with a free kick. And he gets away a goal kick. Well, he came into it, didn't he? James McLean suspended, channelling into an operation. The way he was talking, you thought he'd take anything he could get. Folks... Too slim, aren't they? And... A few more seconds will elapse. More frustration for Nadia Raniere. One beaten Co-ospace coach. Nick the stadium. Not been beaten here in any of their six previous visits. It was a terrific day between these two back in March. We finished 2-2 and it looked as though Leicester were losing ground in the title race. But the following night the three main challenges, Spurs, Arsenal and Manchester City all lost. So that point game against Albion became a symbol of Leicester's eventual triumph. An early long throw from Christian Fuchs. And it leads to an early corner for Leicester City. Well, Ranieri was much happier with his team's performance against Tottenham last week, he thought it was much more like it and he'll be demanding that kind of intensity early on here. Corner on the shoot. Short side. As usual, everyone back, so there's time here for Danny Simpson. And he gives... Zilat... sensibly an early touch or two. Zidane is good in the air but... really shows more often in attacking crosses in the box than the long ball upfield as he had to deal with King. Danny Drinkwater has undoubtedly been Leicester's player of this season. Particularly in perhaps an understandable dropping off from the two of last season, Vardy and Mahrez. Vardy and Mahrez. Surely will be in the England squad to be announced later today. Vardy and Mahrez. Jamie Vardy will be hoping for the same, despite the fact that he's not starting. Vardy and Mahrez. He's not new to him this season, is he? Crystal Palace, he started on the bench. And away from Andy King. It's just a whisker away from Matty Phillips. It's just a warning shot across Celestis Bowers, that, losing it in a dangerous area. Not a bad effort from Phillips, this. That's a touch, Zilat. Here we have a great view on that from the opposite side. We've seen the touch from Kasper Schmeichel's deputy here. This is where Leicester are a bit weak, and West Bromwich Albion are very strong. Taking the corners, half of the Premier League's ten goals this season. They've come from corner kick routines. They've got the opening goal in this fixture, home and away, last season. Almost a... Maybe hit three in a row. That is a huge strength of theirs, isn't it? West Brom's corners scored five already, more than anybody else. Leicester have conceded five already, you've probably seen most of them, Alan. There was a few at Old Trafford. There certainly were, yeah. There was concentration more than anything else. Phillips. Pressure put on Cardio Jacob, but he dealt with it. Evans. That's a fine ball. Hooked in by Dawson. Rondon. Yako. Yako. Lovely flying surface, it's always tended here with loving care by John Redwich, the groundsman whose birthday it is today. Even got copies in there. Pitching. Fletcher. Foured by Dawson. Always particularly expansive away from home, West Brom, but I think in this atmosphere, raised his players. Did much better in that second half against Manchester City, really came back at Cardio Ole's team. Just couldn't get a goal. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Pitcher. Go on in boys. Michigan go Б 리ом the ball to left wing. There within three, four and a half. Built into Astonilo. It's all over aos elastic, будуyouanna시I've pending well. That 역 в weten dawson. ��іо His team isоду Mary Wolfen. Ngог Kho when The Mandala også 라고, he's adjusted to Manchester City. Not with more damage and I can настроsoauxs to save yer based off prison. Qiandeath of lead a leave. What a gaps. As点itie соver! He's given it here. The work by Phillips has got himself into the game very quickly. He's returned to the side. Good start for the visitors. They've reversed it a bit, haven't they? The right footer on the left and the left footer on the right in Chris Brunt. James Morrison operating a little bit more off the front in the air-cog sitting. He's nominated quite rightly for the FIFA Award as Coach of the Year. Successful and in a very charming way. Talking up Shinji Okazaki in a pre-game interview that whoever plays up front, Vardy or Slimani, they're better with. Okazaki, rather than the two of them being involved as a pair themselves. Rondon. Fletcher, the hit one. Morrison. Phillips. Hopefully wants it from Neal. Of course, isn't anywhere near deep enough for West Bromwich Albion. They're finding a bit of space, 30 yards out, West Brom. Drinkwater and King. Just trying to counter that. West Brom's 50th league visit to the City of Leicester. Of course, also those matches at the Old Ground, Filbert Street. It's only the third in the Premier League. All of them have been here. Two years ago they won 1-0. Last season, as I mentioned earlier, finished 2-2. . That is such an organiser. That would be a sign for a Tony Koulis club, you have to play the Tony Koulis way. It's been a tough run as well, hasn't it? First Liverpool, then Manchester City, and now the Champions. Yes. . Nice to have lost away games at Manchester United, Liverpool, Chelsea. You can see that. We've had a lot of good games. We've had a lot of good games here. We've had a lot of good games here. We've had a lot of good games here. plenty of goals in the process but the one that really sticks in the crew of their supporters was that opening day fixture at Hull, all sorts of chaotic situations where hardly enough players to fulfill the fixture, they won it wasn't the best way to start the defensively league target Greg Pawson's the referee who spotted the handball by Riyad Mahrez it's a question of trying to win this first head only if you don't, given the knockdown recognizing a threat posed by Dawson piece of clues by who to pick out, Okazaki brings such energy to the position and the fearlessness here, the words associated with the Leicester's play backed of course by this phenomenal atmosphere here in the Finnfrauer stadium wasn't a bad attempt to pick any strike partner here from Okazaki, head side of the boot Mahrez Slimani, a touchline outside him a chance of it reaching the run of King Danny Simpson of course is so good at picking out Vardy's runs develop a working relationship with Slimani I don't think Slimani naturally will be working on the shoulder all the time in the way that Vardy does he just likes to come and show for it and that's what he's been doing for a long time and then Moussa, one of the new recruits called in the last two Premier League games so he's starting to get his name together in English football Simpson Mahrez , Rwich, Mourinho, Martinez Constantino Hustert Giroud Bou państwa Bottas DRX asprрей Moderater the one-time Tinker Man change assistant for the match in Copenhagen wondering whether he might have to make a change here chance of personnel Dawson Albo in the face both with eyes on the ball he's ok it is a natural action leverage as painful as it feels for the player on the end of it seen as that by Referee Pawson Dawson the offender is on four yellow cards Mike Simpson in hoot not near the amnesty yet today a bit of a mess against Burnley though Prep Jong-min Wright Braga de Strasbourg knowledges THEY CHANT Last nine-by-final, mate. Only ten points from their only ten games they got relegated. Looking to improve their lot here. THEY CHANT Quite often that Leicester rear-guard will be a little fearful of the opposition in terms of the pace. Not that problem today. Come on, Seeler. Gets away with it. Just late. With his clearance, allowing the centre-forward to close him down. Didn't really shift it. But Rondon was able to block it. Could have flown in. Seeler has a World Cup winner's medal, incidentally. He was a non-playing member, but definitely a member of the squad for Germany and Brazil. Phillips. That's making a run on the inside. Played by Morgan. Jaka. I've seen plenty of the ball, Morris Crump. We thought that perhaps Leicester would have a bit more, and Surly Dawes still, but... Nothing in the round. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT A bit of anxiety in the King Power rules for the home fans. Phillips crosses. Rondon getting across his man. Unable to steer it anywhere near the target. Yeah, because it came from so deep, it's always difficult for the strike to really make the keeper work. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT It's only one of two. One of two that have scored a goal this season, along with Gareth McCauley. Only starting XI. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Yes, Chadwick. He's done very well. THEY CHANT He's got four goals and a couple of assists since he came from Spurs. He decided he wasn't really fit enough to play here. No operation. He had a knee problem. Could have been left to the international break. Obviously. He's gone through the details and not prepared to take the risk, although that would be the stunger for having Chadwick in this game. Yeah, Tony Funi's clearing the net, that means you get worse. He needs those three weeks to recover, whatever. THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Mahrez. That's cross in. Morrison's header. Good work by Rondon. That's a fine ball for Phillips from Morrison. Morgan's come across. Front, in the middle. And Moussa almost took it back into terrible trouble. Well, they've been a threat early on here. West Brom, it is a beautifully weighted pass from Morrison. And it's a nice shape that they've got. Everybody looks comfortable with their jobs. The bonus of not being involved in Europe in the European week. Of course, one that Leicester had and used to their advantage last season. And Claudio Ranieri's had to sort out who was a bit travel-weary from... Obenhagen isn't that too far away, but from the emotional drain of playing a high-profile Champions League game on a night where they could have actually booked qualification there, virtually there. Still haven't conceded a goal in the Champions League. So, a new record for a newcomer. Drink water. And Mourinho's couldn't keep it in. He's only used 20 players so far in the Premier League and Champions League, so not been a case of... changing too much of the... excellent formula for last season. But as you said earlier, Alan, they're not quite like-for-likes, Nemanja and Vardy, and obviously the energy that N'Golo Kante provides, but they're not quite like-for-likes, Nemanja and Vardy, and obviously the energy that N'Golo Kante provides, but they're not quite like-for-likes, Nemanja and Vardy, and obviously the energy that N'Golo Kante provides, so not a direct replacement. They brought Mendy and he's not fit, but he wasn't really looking as though he was instantly going to... do that particular job in the same way. Here's Morrison, through that Leicester midfield. And Silo does well at the feet of front. And again West Bromwich Albion looking the more likely side, and it's only 20 minutes here. Yeah, the crowd's sensing that. It could be a really tough afternoon for Leicester here today, they haven't really got going, you saw Ranieri frustrated, it's better quality passing, better service when they try and switch it to Mahrez. Keep trying to do it, get a one-on-one with Neon here. Mahrez. Max is crossing and that's well... That's the really good... Max Limani to attack the ball. That was a beauty though, wasn't it, just dinked in the box. That's when you want your striker anticipating taking a gamble. West Brom have only... They've only scored three goals for open play all season, the Premier League, and they've had three here already. Yeah, that could have been from Deeth and Chris Buck. The most decisive interception, but it was enough from Zulik. Kingshead. That's a put in too. I believe won the Championship in the Premier League with Leicester City. Wales international, very good, you're at 20-16. We found a good squad for his country as well to get to a semi-final. Mahrez. Neon fancies the battle, and he's won it again, and he's run it well up the pitch this time. And again, Chris Brom was making a run from that far side. That could have been fouled. He sunk. Clutchot. In West Brom, doing really well. Jakob. First touch from Dawson. Morrissey, on the corner to Rondon. XHOTEскаяPILA Rosseller, to be french, alsoenecaaded by Plitvica. His take. Very easy on the eye. Barca. That's one for Salihněr, exam scalpenn. better from Leicester Poops One for Slimani Appreciated the delivery even though he couldn't convert it I don't know if he's gesturing that he got caught in the lights or something but just gets ahead of it in a way and the curl takes it away from him Yeah, I think he's blaming the lights The sort of thing that happens this weekend in the first round of the FA Cup in non-league grounds and a Premier League stadium That's much better though from Leicester, good move that I sense if they can use the flanks well Leicester through Moussa and Mahrez That could be a way for them to win this match West Brom very strong through the middle Morgan looking for Rokoszaki Got the better of Evans by fouling it but Tommy Evans feeling there should have been a chance He's got a bit of cover behind him there And there wasn't Phillips That's to give you a heads up, a date for your diary It is a week on Saturday Manchester United against Arsenal 11.30am start Sky Sports 1 Dodgy ball Marvin Atkinson the fourth Official supervising the exchange of very high tech football one that obviously wasn't suitable for a game of football replaced Who? Good tussle this, down beneath this Alan isn't it? Alan Neal We had Mahrez It's a tactic of Leicester's isn't it? I've looked several times to try and get the ball to Mahrez quickly Try and isolate Neal Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan He's got away from Neal he's looked Algerian again That's the City Simpson into Hokusaki Simpson Mahrez still poised And Moussa Moosa slip in behind Gareth McCauley I think McCauley was confident enough to make it in the top half to let this go thought there was enough weight on the ball former leicester player of course gareth mccauley half the season's here it's a career that's really built from humble origins this mid-30s much worth his place in the elite league a busy summer too good one he must be fairly satisfied with how his team have played actually have plenty to say for themselves going forward seven of the premier league 29 is the british two of whom are welsh one of them is tony pulis simpson normally i'm done through the center westbrook the here by fletcher rolled away from moosa in the nick of time morrison let's use the ball well that's ron don't have the way by simpson for the space for left of the plane here hasn't been too much of that so far mara's moosa outside it that's one from the phillips and then it's gone up against them coming back from an offside position well it was a transfer counter attack but westbound didn't really leave themselves short at the back there five or six men behind the ball still they never looked in danger i'm sure it's something that tony foolish would have spoken about this week on the training ground keeping our shape well keeping a clean sheet it's important away from home their last six away wins in the premier league have been one nil letting it bounce the hoop was behind him he's got a good shot there by the way he's got a good shot there by the way he's got a good shot there by the way we've got two sets of center halves that won't mind those long straight balls or at least they shouldn't mind them they should be able to deal with them here's mares again keep giving the ball and something will happen that's the leicester philosophy here could have even bent over the ball direct path in obviously Slimani was trying to convert it Rondon must lose way into holding the ball up but shrugged kind of it in the end drink water the ball that couldn't be reached pushing the back on King there's nothing complicated from Mahrez just ducks inside and puts it into a dangerous area here Costa makes the move McCauley might have put it in his own now Morgan's header clicked on by drink water broken up by Evans floated forward by Fletcher Rondon was trying to power his way through you must have had teams that you always thought you'd score against Alenor the figures showed that you did score against Rondon certainly one of those for West Brom against Leicester yeah you do tend to remember those matches come back to the ground and think about the goal he scored Brunt Rondon challenge just to ease it back a bit easy though that marking for West Brom the way they could just thread the ball through nobody in the blue shirt could get close it's the area that contact I don't want to labour the point but it is a different Leicester this evening we've seen Chelsea already benefit so much from acquiring a diminutive French midfield player on the on Andy He did before alongside Conte. Here's Mahrez, now Slimani. Moussa. And the ball. Well, they have been impressive. Nice prompt. And certainly had more to say in the opposition's box. In terms of efforts on target, anyway. I was going to mention earlier that Claudio Ranieri did revert to being Tinker Man in midweek. Started with a back three in Copenhagen. Changed it in the second half. It's still not over. It's still not over. Individual players around the formation. It's funny, isn't it? Suddenly a back three becomes popular. Everybody tries it. You can see it for a good ten years in this country, don't you? Can work that, to let the ball run across onto your stronger side. Tani Pulisic. He's got a very good set of players who will be rehearsing those sort of things week in, week out on the training ground. Not so many coaches do rehearsed throw-in situations, but he does. It's the detail. I just wonder if he ever gets the chance to manage a side that's really going for top honours. Who prepares whether he would go about it in a different way. But he's always brought in as a firefighter, isn't he? And he's fought those fires very successfully. Like Sam Allardyce when he got the England job, but we'll never know now about that. Evans. McCall. A perception by Drinkworth of reading the direction of the pass and wanting to get on the ball again for Leicester. And of course they look to the magician of last season, Riyad Mahrez, concentrating on getting his crosses in at the moment. I see him run at Neom a bit more than he is. Moussa is running at Dawson. Needs McCauley to go across. And look at the show. What a goal kick. Well, he is super quick and Dawson won't fancy getting into a chase too many times. And rapid when he gets going. He's brought here against Crystal Palace and Tottenham. That's a record signing, but that's been totally eclipsed by Slimani. Yes! Rondon. He's there when needed. Sam Allardyce. I say more when than if. The way the game is going so far. Rondon. Christian. Give me a little more time. I see he was caught earlier, wasn't he? And he's just won the... Rondon had a go at him then. And he's still running the Venezuelan. It is a foul, but it's a terrific effort. And his teammates will really appreciate it. Yes, his manager will too. Lesmore just moved across his path, actually. Could argue the foul. And the other way. There's a failed to play the ball. The Leicester captain. Leicester and. But what about this? Casper Schmeichel that does. I was doing lots of after match interviews. ip. later that night found a bit of an ache in her hand and to be broken punch away who was that I just you know I did is that any great for Michael as well he's a bloke especially to do it in Copenhagen particularly painful for him King only in the middle attempt to get to the byline ends only in a goal kick he's convinced that time it should have been a corner I think they get it right though the officials yes they're looking for their fifth win of the season after 11 games last season he had six apparently from making history making the name Lester known all the around the football world they had fired up the opposition the big clubs or the bigger clubs already engaged in a really engrossing tussle be the team to succeed left the city for the Premier League crown how good would Chelsea yesterday how good will Liverpool today except the compelling title race this year certainly will continue to show that Bootle I'm actually saying that because finishers Hmant so am I beginning to find a bit of momentum themselves. As far as the edge of the penalty area, really. Just trying to drag it back and then feed in drink water. That's the man. What part of the world is this, isn't it? West Midlands and East Midlands. Well, you can't get West confused with East, there's a big difference, but... No, no, you've come from the West and you are here where you played in the East. That's the point. When in Birmingham, how West Brom regarded as a Birmingham team? No, they're just on the outskirts. No, it's... It's like the postcode. Black country, I think we'd call it. Quite a skill, that, the whistle. Yes! Gets his points across it. Kicks every ball, he barks instructions. I wonder if he's in a tracksuit rather than a smartsuit. Okazaki. Okazaki. That's a really well-skilled... ...man. Mahrez. He'd like to shift it onto his left foot. But West Brom knew all about that and saw it coming. Morrison. Counter-attack that looked threatening in the early part of the half, but it's not so threatening this time. Mahrez. Simpson. Pooves. Now Moussa. Pooves. Oh, Mahrez. No, Moussa couldn't quite get up there. It was Lamani at the far post. Well, it might be a night for patience, this one. Against a resolute West Brom team. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Moussa. Morgan's head up. And he's set. He's got that. And Chris Brunt was aware of that. Brunt made a good recovery from the ACL injury that kept him out of Northern Ireland's campaign in 2016. Neil. By Morrison. Moosa just trotting on. Keep going here. Moosa. A lot of men forward for Leicester, including Robert Huth. Moosa. Offside. And it's Leog Morris. Now they're continually dealing with this threat, whether it's going to Mahrez or Moosa. Look, three players getting them across. Moosa, not much in it, but leaning into an offside position. They've done plenty of pace about this first half. Leap tempo. And you do feel West Brom have come here believing they've got a chance of going away with all three points. . Oh, Kite. . Simpson. Rondon might want to get into Taylor's face again. . . . . . It's just that lack of goals in the West Brom team. We've only got two out there scored so far this season. . Brady Bojino has been sent off and tented. Tyrone Wynn has dropped the ball down. It's ora. Wooo! Tolgeman into Nnamdi PDA picked by Tom map out of competition. Yeah! Not very good in Dators temple. Bill Sorak one. . And I don't think 76. He's not even good in anything in the past game. . And he's going to have some good game today with central serve 인 Catch. . Lucas Thomas. Thomas Nederland! indeed. . Pulled it back. Leicester are very short of shots on target in Copenhagen. And at Tottenham, I think they scored with their only shot on target. It's going to look a little more threatening, but at the end of the half, maybe Leicester can bring up a second ball here and get some use of it. Not quite those kind of reward passes. It's interesting here, a little side issue, Alan, that there's a lot of blue in West Brom's kit. Their main first-choice kit, of course, the blue and white stripe. Very white on the back, as you're looking across. But their actual second strip is predominantly blue, so they couldn't wear that here today. Morgan. It's what they do with this extra bit of possession. They're not used to having this much, are they? Leicester and West Brom are usually below the 50% mark when they play each other, of course. Something's got to give. Jakob. Come here!