which is twice as many as they'd won by this stage last season. Almost perfect conditions here on a brand new playing surface as well by the way at the Vitality Stadium, a revolutionary hybrid system combining natural turf with a special substance that will make the pitch more durable and it looks good. It does look good yep just looking at the Bournemouth back four actually Nathan Ake remains in the middle of the left back Adam Smith fills that position Eddie Howe keeping his thoughts on his back four lineup to himself today He's doing well since coming in scored that goal at Stoke okay so Eddie Howe doesn't want to disrupt that partnership with with Cook Josh King playing on the right of midfield certainly starting off with a good start to the game. He's got a good start to the game. He's got a good start to the game. He's got a good start to the game. Clearance by Chan for Liverpool. Clearance by Chan for Liverpool. He'll come here in terrific form. He'll come here in terrific form. 2-1 victory over Leeds making it 12 wins and three draws since their only setback this season The defeat against Burnley in August. The defeat against Burnley in August. The players are going to watch it you saw there Mane couldn't see the ball with that low winter sun in his eyes. Might be a problem for keepers at times. Might be a problem for keepers at times. Van식en now right here in portions Wolf desires to get as keh mixed with Lemmo and Samar instead with Kaepernick called it a draw it looks like a man like Joshua as Pvt. Lester Hackford is going to why to tackle a caregiver will run this first half Halsey is off as a punishment but then Gorelick decides to tell the game мир Alben between Conor Robinson and portrays Cech for Osprey barone puffs through the rookie in the looking for a re-keep Steve Cook across on the cover of course it was his awful error early on against Arsenal last week that led to Arsenal's first goal but apart from that he's been a very consistent defender hasn't missed a league game for them for over a year now Yeah and when you're playing Liverpool as always the challenge is to compete with that high tempo pressing game that they're so effective at I think for Bournemouth they'd look at the Tottenham game here when they did really well against Spurs and of course they play a similar type of game to Liverpool Here's Lucas central defender also in midweek against Leeds it's a position he's occupied quite a lot for Liverpool in this particular campaign in which he's no longer first choice after all his years in Anfield he's their longest serving player now Milner making good progress for Liverpool down the left plenty of choices ahead of him including Firmino looking for Mane in the box Bournemouth get the danger partially clear and goalkeeper Boruc completes that clearance and he's seen a buffle on the halfway line which he loses Rufus coming to meet it Henderson trying to catch Mane hard clever four new chances pitch is taken simplify a turn in one and Bo mehr swap maybe he blocked a mistake right over to C dividends b internet wsp Rob I'm out the left footed player we thought might move to left back remains in the center the 21 from Chelsea back in possession again tidy play this by Eddie house team Smith man into trouble we gave to see the danger deal with it to squeeze to try and make the game compacting might leave a little bit of space at times when Liverpool in the ball back quickly over the top for the perhaps getting it straight out to Milner Amino touched by him unusually missed the leads game in midweek through injury scored in a 2-1 win for Liverpool here in the Premier League last season a slightly different role of course just shifted out to that left-hand side before the new roster Michael Dobson so second time you I've seen him come across the line okay you know here he is all the penalty area here for Liverpool on to Lucas again Liverpool strong down that left hand side this time he gets the cross in early dealt with well by Steve Cook Liverpool pick up the second ball Firmino's layup back in towards Origi form of 10-0 at the moment here's Henderson you're right Alaheim having joy down the left hand side of Liverpool Josh King's just got to be a bit more alive to his defensive duties again Lucas looking for that side of the field and finding Firmino with a good ball all from him though cleared by Simon Francis at the moment it's all the play taking place in the Bournemouth half Firmino Firmino Firmino Ronaldo was the option short and finally he gets it to Mane Firmino Firmino still available as is Ronaldo here he is here he is Milner Cal getting anxious already here at this period of Liverpool pressure at this period of Liverpool pressure letting Eller setup it's Kershaw it's Kershaw Nwaku Nwaku white up Shyam White up generously undefeated got that one Godspeed three spins just been a bit passive when they've been chasing the ball Bournemouth in these early stages haven't been getting close enough Lucas caught in possession there by Callum Wilson good work from Wilshere Marte Ake all the way back to Boruc who's missed the last couple of games for Bournemouth with a back injury Federici took his place, he's on the bench today Ake tidy again from Stanislas this time and Wilshere keeps the move going down the right Callum Wilson a lone figure up front of the line of Bournemouth has a beautiful win it back thanks to Milner and a foul on Chabot well they got themselves into a really good position Bournemouth fair and it was a bit of a waste Bournemouth have lost three of their last four league games but they're a turn of 15 points this stage is a better record than they had in their first Premier League campaign when of course they went on to finish 16th five points above the relegation positions that's fine cold and that's on Sorry 9 overstripped apart from the basis of Torrey they'd managed 4 games to go he's now lost he best 기억ed fromнения as well and he's not done can you tell from made the erap attention minutes starts just got a little bit too early if anything I don't know what he did to be honest with you Al because he seemed to get there and all it required was for him to get a clean contact on it first real chance for Liverpool Alan Wilson holds up play though for Bournemouth and a steady slice and to Harry Arter slip down the left Stanislas again Dozlik Bournemouth slow Arter Adam Smith free on the left look at the power on Reinaldo but the referee lets Liverpool play on and the Dutchman has it again Lucas Lucas Lovren who are already making ground down the left and calling to the ball not a good enough pass to find him though here's Cook for Bournemouth Francis Arter ball up short and quickly and so is Ake and listen gets it back from Chad on to Napalm you're climbing Henderson opens it up for the cross and in's the first goal goes for Liverpool there is a confident swagger about Liverpool this was the early one where Rigi really should have scored I thought and they say it so often just doesn't get those feet sorted out when you've scored in your last couple of games you should be full of confidence and fully expecting it in the end of the game and you've got to be confident in the end of the game yes yeah going to go through the gr futurist nowadays but pre-season close format ZMarco had to just knock it out soany because they have so many too many players in the back of the net after they've gone past each other it's so unusual to havefr images to the back of the net and then one back home that we haven't seen his neon底 well then not known for his aerial prowess but uh forces another corner for his goal scoring prowess either over six years since he last found the net for liverpool he's coming in again but uh he can stay forward third successive corner for liverpool another good one from henderson lovren it was who headed right or did it come off a defender again he did a dominant opening 14 minutes here for jürgen klopp's team and the referee is going to stop the game for liverpool corner being taken for the moment he's seen an infringement or at least a little bit of uh the usual jostling for position well as we know you've got to be careful now in these positions when you're defending grappling not allowed just about deal with the danger but it's going to come straight back and it goes from klein goalkeeper hesitating there as chad wins it back for liverpool well to make his cross here's for mino the challenge but they just can't get over the halfway line of the moment they can't get possession bournemouth been a good good start from limpool confident one as you'd expect with their track record seen in the first half of the season plenty of the ball stranger from bournemouth's point of view because against arsenal a team you might have expected to dominate possession it was the other way around a week ago they're making ground here and liverpool get yet another corner that side of bournemouth's defense they haven't quite sorted out i mentioned josh king coming back to help out but the tinkering is going to be a big one for liverpool and they're going to have to get MVP yes b partner for liverpool in the fourth and they're ready to apply to the their long thought in another round, looking suspicious at least so he might've just got a bit behind him let him done this Swift he did get back on this occasion Josh King but just a little late they're driving at the sea this set piece might be harder to live end that's what the defenders have got to deal with that right winter sunshine goalkeeper as well they're aware of the problems as defenders that they might have in that situation Aldon pops it back in there George Chan good block Chan will keep it alive for Liverpool Wijnaldum on to Henderson it's Clyne 1-a Clyne poor ball from Wijnaldum and it's a very good ball well they just can't get out can they Bournemouth and if it continues like this you've got to see a Liverpool goal coming Liverpool goal Liverpool goal Loverett Liverpool goal Henderson Henderson Henderson in terms of possession it's got a totally one-sided opening 17 minutes or so Liverpool but Boris doesn't really have to make a save Liverpool 17 minutes or so but Boris doesn't really have to make a save basically they need to make a save or 2-2 a 10-2 ball wouldn't be very good Manchester back OK on the left of the pitch is Werner Denver Kingston away but no Schrager Baynes no Williams will not large for Liverpool to Jamis No Floment I don't want to make that after four sixth show three 15 as well Yosh so adaptable of course so effective in different positions look at that all these five goals this season incidentally have come from the penalty spot he's told him in the summer maybe before preseason and he play at left back he might not have believed you and played really successfully at left back too using his all of his experience to get that job done Rigi a bit slow out the blocks today Rigi his first Premier League start this remember after a number of substitute appearances maybe still thinking about that earlier miss Henderson on to Lucas and his climb even away to Ake that was a link cook helps it on to Francis who didn't have too many options going forward my Alden did well did very well and I get it back well it was meant to go back to him but it was a full ball it was a full ball City takes the lead it's almost like Liverpool areним Used by Redfield and this is their him they're just struggling to find a pass Bournemouth to get some back to them home face a dismal attempt to win particularly surprised it was definitely coming and it's just come in a simple fashion a ball through the middle which Ake just gets done for pace doesn't it doesn't he from Mane he's got to get a bit of physical contact on the Liverpool player get across the line of his run it's a really good finish from him but too easy from Bournemouth's point of view far too easy sorry I'm on a seventh goal of the campaign is now Liverpool's leading goal scorer in all competitions to make things work for Bournemouth of course he's a former Southampton player he was top scorer for them in the last campaign with 15 goals keep chasing here as well Liverpool fully deserving that early lead first attempt on target but it was definitely coming wasn't it Walsh out into Stanislas Marta now Gosling Simon Francis down the right attention to pick out in the middle it was well defended though by Lovren Marta nova first missed as well something special Cooper beautiful release into a two-year only going on it remains a draw and life well even lead the way to the優 FLCC four wildcard from journalists we're really able to celebrate such a lot in the equationה associate head coach Nikan yes to girl boys rival is B7 crowncede fans are united do's you see something really quiet come on this is my own challenge up front on ANitious The tyranny of Mesmerism when ai got himself to keep his job and you keep running away from subtracting w calkey just because it can't find a few people passing time don't you just can't do this all the fan auchese autosecurity returns quickly missed with important這樣 I'm CBS B2 b Ny мест覀 Yap because I made Amca的時候 I would see it it's worth listening to bal ker-chevalade wha King Virginia sports club world all over france is an magnificent finish from the boy who I said should be confident and boy did he show his confidence there Artur Barac will not be happy but once he got his foot to this first that he didn't see any question that he was going to finish it it's not an easy one far from easy but he made it look that way that's devastated from the striker from that angle it looked like an empty net I doubt it did from Origi's angle Borac taking a risk coming so far from goal Oriski obviously felt he had to take his ball much more caught short of the back but still an exceptional finish his fifth goal of the campaign problems for Eddie Howe well Liverpool have now scored 34 goals in the Premier League it's more than they've ever scored at this stage of a season more than twice as many as they've managed after 14 games in the previous campaign and of course we're still relatively early in the match I think it was well milked but from каким amount ofrole he's important because he's again done break no fine steps back to. If you're going to watch sometimes it doesn't mean their practices are accurate today surtout a dominant Liverpool orsen Here's lay-off. Here's Brosley. Smith free on the left. No foul. They're going to get a free kick. They've just been sharper, stronger in those challenges, Liverpool. Boswell's now winning his challenge that led to Origi's goal. And here is the striker again. Francis. King. Good work. And keeps going. Referee's given a free kick, I think, for the first challenge, not the second one. Henderson just slowly down a little bit there. Francis. All the way through as Lucas closes the door. Origi. Smith there to win it back for Bournemouth. Now Harry Arter for them. That's a decent ball. It's got stuck under the feet of the striker, though. Again, just so quickly, Liverpool, don't they? Bunting down that ball and doing it really well. That's here today. That's here today. Got to find a way, Bournemouth, getting Jack Wilshere in this game. Get it into his feet. It's a way of getting the team up the pitch. He's been quite stretched at times and he hasn't been able to get his foot on the ball. Yeah, I can only recall him having two or three touches. 25 minutes gone. Couldn't play, of course, last week against Arsenal. Has been getting a regular 90 minutes under his belt now after suffering so many injuries in recent seasons. Yes. And it's been a long, long time. It's been a long, long time. It's been a long, long time. It's been a long, long time. It's been a long, long time. Sloppy from Lucas this time. Here is Wilshere. Gosselin. Francis. No way through for Josh King. Wijnaldum. And to Clyne. Wijnaldum. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. And to Clyne. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Henderson. Govran goes along this time, looking for the rebounds offside. It was that kind of ball up the other channel, wasn't it, from Jordan Henderson? You mentioned his passing stats. They were top in most aspects. And here's another one. An assist for the Liverpool captain. but it makes it easier than it should be by committing himself but what a finish this is from the 21 year old and going back a little further he's now scored seven goals in the last eight games he's actually started for Liverpool well mentioned Coutinho being out at the start and that happens if you're a title challenger you've got to get over those kind of hurdles one of your best players not being available that's where your depth of squad comes in and you go in a slightly different direction with Origi on this occasion he gives you a different option injury problem here for Emre Can well what a week it's been for this young man Ben Woodburn scoring against Leeds in the League Cup in midweek at the age of 17 Liverpool's youngest ever goalscorer on the bench today and and uh, and uh, and uh, the young man just alongside or two away from him there Trent Alexander-Arnold was also excellent in that game at right back Jürgen Klopp has a reputation of course for giving youngsters their opportunity but he's also covered lots of things as well obviously three big title gagners Ajax are now playing next Bon okay Smith news from him one Aldo and the Sun three in a good position in the middle but for one Sanderson's class was not good most of Bournemouth's points this season have been won here at the vitality stadium in contrast to last season when they actually won more points on the road but they're gonna have to produce something special to win this one champ for Liverpool Lucas Klein is lover to one Aldo away by a a , Gosling neat control but then a sloppy ball they haven't had options on the ball Bournemouth due to Liverpool's work ethic and organisation Reggie is Milner one Aldo Lucas on for Klein to chase and Firmino in the centre as well Strong against him he's got a good shot he's got a good shot the ominous signs continue here for Bournemouth who incidentally have lost every game this season in which they conceded the first goal Wijnaldum Mane Henderson finds Lucas his climb Mino thought about having a pop himself and did in the end let's look ahead seven days to next Sunday live only on Sky Sports Manchester United against Tottenham begins our Super Sunday from 2 o'clock on Sky Sports 1 and we see Liverpool in action again against West Ham later at 4.15 Rizk Regan Osling gets it forward Mournless challenge Henderson how many times has that happened Liverpool nicked the ball back straight away Bournemouth can't lay a glove on the visitors at the moment with the way that they're moving the ball about can't get close Mane gives it away however to Pellen Wilson who's deep inside his own half just on the line of attack Mane gives it away however to Pellen Wilson who's deep inside his own half just on the line of attack Mane gives it away however to Pellen Wilson who's deep inside his own half just on the line of attack signing how difficult it's been for Bournemouth to mount any kind of attack right now though they've found a bit of space in the middle Harry-Arnold in possession Smith to his left Stanislas Wilshep Francis Francis King lays it off for Mournemouth again but it wasn't a good layup and Liverpool again look pacey and threatening on the break two in the box, he was looking for Wijnaldum I think on a few occasions they have got forward in good positions they've been wasteful Bournemouth really disappointing from that point of view for Eddie Howe I'm sure they had a chase in for the most part so they've got to make the most of those opportunities when they do get forward in this final month of the year it's interesting to reflect in what's been a really good 2016 for Liverpool no Premier League team has won more points than they have or scored more goals than they have and and I think that's a good thing to see if they can continue it into the first half of 2017 they are right in the mix with the title it's a difficult one for Josh King to do anything with with really that and they they they look short of confidence as if a bit of the belief has been knocked ahead of them Bournemouth and they performed so much better hadn't they a week ago against Arsenal yeah there was no lack of belief that day Gosling Wilshat Liverpool have been in this position before a two goal early lead which they ultimately blew against Southampton not far from here but at the moment they're even more dominant than they were in the early stages of that game put that chance here and no but a corner goal Bournemouth Karius did well yeah one or two thought that was an own goal Stanley's last as well actually here bit of space and makes use of it in a way that that's a good thing for Liverpool but a corner goal Bournemouth carries us well yeah one or two thought that was an own goal Stanley's last as well actually here bit of spice and makes use of it in a way that that's a good thing for Liverpool haven't done often enough Bournemouth that's their best moment so far Bournemouth's first corner 47 minutes in and now to Hake who's gone down but the referee says no quality controversial moment it was Liverpool break Mane down the centre has got to be aware of the offside and Bournemouth are curious with referee Bobby Madly but he seemed to have a good view of it the ref he wasn't far away from it either Firmino put his arms up appealing his innocence he was a bit worried Clyde Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Mane Henderson Mané chasing for all he's worth here Francis got his head to it but it's dropped for Origu he's brought down and the referee relatively gets the free kick Cook claiming his innocence I think he's going to book him for that just a little word well this might have made a difference to Bournemouth's chances listen it's not the worst tackling the world that's that's a bit of contact that doesn't always mean it's a definite pen but that would have changed the atmosphere in this stadium for certain and maybe the attitude of those Bournemouth lads give them a lift the lift that they need should ensure that Mr. Magli receives a fairly hostile treatment treatment treatment treatment from the fans from the fans from the fans there's a different looking Liverpool free kick is played into the six yard box by Chan eventually back out to Henderson Origi with the touch for Lucas initiatives 통과 and off that'll mean finally oku here on the bench and we're not even talking about T recall here a battle there between Lovren and Wilson which goes formless way now Wiltshire for them Smith is free on the left but has gone in behind Ake and they've just lost the momentum of that attack just got to get your control and your passing spot on when you're trying to bypass this Liverpool pressing that they do so well Wilson beaten to it there's Lucas on to Klein he's called the winner for Liverpool against Bournemouth and Anfield last season his first ever Liverpool goal he's giving it away here Stanislas okay Chad Arter doing well to lose Origi much better it goes back to Arter and again Liverpool just snap in when the interception is required here's Chatt he's good for one what ever happened to Capps Kind of fashion with goalies and especially linesmen Bullshit Francis It's more promising for Bormann Okay Gosling finds Francis Listen furthest fall of it for them Stanislas is there too Oh This Stanislas King And again King Francis at right back Came back to him, but he couldn't take out Wilson in the center That's about some better moments ball McClust 15 minutes I Think Liverpool have dropped off a little bit just trying to hold what they have until halftime Cooks header drops to Lucas now Clyde On the side here Mane Right again Right again Lucas had to win that No, no just been sharper all around the before that night impressive really impressive And they certainly lost Smith with that little dummy Thanks to but I think it's a time down both flanks really Bournemouth Keeps Liverpool where they would want to be in the dying moments of the heart Any great hurry as you might expect to take this corner You