of six points in Arsenal's favour between the two after 11 games the teams above them emphasizing the breadth of the competition these days for one now since it's just been between Manchester United and Arsenal but that's created a backdrop that has always visited prior to the teams lining up against each other Arsenal won a league title here they've all suffered two heavy defeats here 6-1 and 8-2 Alexis Sanchez a free kick question marks this morning as to whether Arsene Wenger will go with Giroud or Alexis Sanchez but it didn't seem to be a real battle when you think about the quality of Sanchez, if you're a defender for United you would hate to play against him another famous fixture between the two Arsenal end their 49 game unbeaten run in the Premier League here they come here with a 16 game unbeaten sequence in all competitions this season they've only lost on the opening day to Liverpool not lost away since March that was Barcelona and not lost away in the Premier League since February here they're on the front foot, they're not allowing United to play against them they're out from the back, De Gea having to kick Mo Salah, Sanchez all pushing up Rashford through the middle and Martial coming from the left and coming at Arsenal now slightly careless with the pass and after replying kind that one settled Carlton, Jenkinson down at right back first challenge in the game, it's a poor one Jenkinson right back he's been on loan of course at West Ham for a year and a half and did play in a goalless draw here but the greater impression on the memory was him being sent off in that 8-2 defeat very early in his Arsenal career if you think of the first kick of the game that United had Herrera played it back to Phil Jones, it went right straight on top of Carl Jenkinson De Gea has kicked it on top of him as well they're going to test him early on United, there's no doubt about that I think Jose Mourinho would have anticipated who would play right back for Arsenal I'm not sure that Arsene Wenger wasn't pulled out by who would play right back for Manchester United with Valencia recovering here's Rashford Pogba going in no one else there really to pick up any pieces that might have fallen that was a bit late on the scene it was good from Jenkinson he does well against Pogba at the back post because you know he's got a lot of time he has to put him off Valencia down goes Ander Herrera he's sent down by the Egyptian Elneny he's just got his shoulder across him now and it wasn't too much contact played for it Herrera and got it and the prime candidate with the left foot is Juan Mata scored plenty of goals against Arsenal in his Chelsea days they are clever United in short corners and free kicks particularly with Herrera, Mata Pogba's getting involved as well Arsenal, they have to be alert most think something's going to happen Arsenal have not been behind in an away Premier League game this season and could change in a matter of seconds Mata it's not quite back up enough whether he was going across a line that he hoped someone would run across through the hedge for United trying to conch check into thinking he was going to go over the wall he just makes a little step towards his left check but then he just gets round back to the side and then he just gets round back to the side James above Ozil he's been outstanding for Arsenal this evening of course used to play for Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid Pogba driving on hard to knock off the ball almost squeezing it through for Rashford given their record here Gary and you've played in a number of these games these are important early minutes for Arsenal they are, I mean the biggest question mark over Arsenal when they come here is the mentality they haven't won here for 10 years and I have to say the record in November isn't great I've always felt you could get right in about them early on United have started quickly on the front foot Martial that's where we've seen more of Rashford this season they have to get through this first 15-20 against Arsenal and settle into the game Valencia and Ramsey forcing Mata back Pogba losing control and here is Ozil Sanchez trying to flick to where Walcott was to... positioning himself well Sanchez has the shot flicks off Rojo and Arsenal having been penned back for most of the five minutes have a call that was a good little counter attack I don't know what got us through if Sanchez would have been able to get that little backheel through to him Rojo just gets his head on it he's dangerous Ancel goes short on the corner that's in the hands of Monreal Alba deflected in what a number of headers won Sanchez after Walcott had flicked it on what a chance I think that Valencia is gonna win that head I think it's Theo Walcott who has got some really good flick on Phil Jones is playing and Sanchez onside he's in front of Herrera makes a real mess here of it. He's looking behind him, one side. What a chance. Jenkinson. Knowing Mustafi and working with him, Gary, are you surprised he's had a move to a club like Arsenal? Not really, no. I think he's got all the qualities of a top defender. He's still only young, 24, he's 23 obviously. He lacked a little bit of composure in what was a very difficult season, but he's a big talent. Composure from Carrick, stock in trade for him. Koscielny. I think being alongside Koscielny will help him. He's guided through a game. He's hoping there's enough place on that for him to let the ball run, but there wasn't. Rashford presses, and then he helps out. He does really well Koscielny, good composure. Settled the rest of your teammates down that as well. The captain starts making mistakes in those situations, or just kicks it out of play and gives away a throw-in. Pushing the pressure. Ramsey. Picking out Sanchez here. And Walker, who just swept Rolls for a moment. Ramian, who's left-back today. Luke Shaw not in the squad. Elneny. Erzul. Ramian has ventured forward from left-back. Kockalaar keeps it short of Ramsey. Ulch, Url. Kockalaar keeps it short of Ramsey. Sanchez. That's passed two. Now they're hacked away by Marcus Rojo with his weaker foot. What's happening around Sanchez at the moment for Arsenal, get the ball into him. So lively. Here again. Enver. Black. circle. Whitehall. Yes, he's left-back. the message from Valencia Pogba the challenge by Jenkinson really tight on Martial there his home form has been frustrating the draws and games that they really should have uncomfortably stoked with Burnley I don't mean just on paper the way the games panned out as well a lot of shots a lot of good goalkeeping Lee Grant and Tom Heaton Spain colleagues in the international break half score against England Ramsay let's hear from Jamie Redknapp who's up with us on the gantry today Jamie Martin yeah obviously a good start from Manchester United you looked at the pace they've got in the team and it's certainly unsettled this Arsenal defence and he asked them then got so quick to get off his seat and you know get sort of on his haunches he was disappointed with his side and then they found a bit of passage in their play and they've got Sanchez into the game and you can definitely see that main United defence I think Gary would agree there's a bit of anxiety anytime that ball goes near him Jones and Rojo look a little bit nervous and there is there's gonna be a few opportunities for Arsenal here as long as they remain patient and get hold of that ball I think you look at United's team and the front six looks probably one of the best balance we've seen this season but certainly at the back the question mark to that says the home Jones look like a great partnership to prove number 10 the real talent is Arsenal team Carrick bursting into action delighted to be back making his run and a good run and Herrera was in there as well did his job got back in is that defensive midfield player Elneny invites the pressure from Valencia it's actually a good little ball from Valencia perfect for Herrera and Kokelan Reims doing well and getting in front of him Ramsey his name's on the team sheet in all sorts of different ways different positions he can play but a straight swap for Alex Iwobi and then a little bit of a he's got to was a doubt to the morning of the game because of injury because he's expecting a happy event in the family here he is trying to make a happy event for Arsenal really was and if they want to see, they couldn't do a!, have we not, Harry playing dead, like pleasing at that, I talked in the early moments of the game about Arsenal settling down in the mentality, but one thing they'll understand after 30 minutes is there's encouragement for them. They can create dangerous moments in and around the United box. Sanchez, just squeeze it through for Ramsey. Matta. Arsenal have only won three times here in the Premier League years. All of them 1-0. The only times they've scored more than once. They've lost, I mentioned, the 8-2 a couple of times already. Draw a line under that for the Arsenal fans who are listening. And also last season, of course, it was 3-2 to Manchester United. Rashford getting two of those. Here's the Italian, Damian. Martial. Pogba. He's drifted out. Kick out. Pogba. Matta. Herrera. Valencia. Pogba. Great strength. And one of them flat-footed in red. Only they were just admiring the burst from Pogba. Arsenal may be able to burst out themselves. Walcott. He had a ball onto Ozil and thinks Andre Mariner might have taken the ball. More serious action. What is that? These fans will give up during the summer break and it's looking to see towards arrested Makes aいや N stole Ray мне you set you said Machiavelli solution. sure learning how to play as the main man through the middle doesn't stop his energetic approach over energetic his pocket to start with andre mariner looks like he may have stopped short certainly that first movement was to where he has the crowd is out it's the angle of the tackle it's from behind that piece cost him right in front of the referee might think of the incident a minute or so ago when walcott was breaking clear yeah the card was shown herrera of course made his debut for spain at wembley's first full cap and helped them come back from two nil down to draw two two but to upset tottenham's eric dyer i have to say rojo's passing so far has been terrible three or four times it's very nervy on the ball there's valencia again a real appetite once you can get the better of monroe oh he did stop the cross coming in at the expense of the corner into the game well antonio valencia driving down that right-hand side at every opportunity there's valencia running a few steps for padel head high after scott and it's for ferd baboon oh ooh he did you see kevin this move he just steered the ball boot under sehr um the"... 8 16 6 2 5 6 27 Monreal Elneny not wanting to go back to the goalkeeper Monreal for the Mourinho press now played off I think United and Sudo are making the point before the game around the fact that United do have the option to press with the players they have on the pitch today, I think when Rooney's playing up front or even Rich, there's obviously a far bigger problem there but they need to be able to do it Monreal Aaron Ramsey's got a job on his hands here, not just trying to tack past Valencia but make sure he doesn't come out raiding which he has done a couple of impressive times already, it's a poor ball from Coquelin and here's Rashford support starting to arrive Herrera Mata using Rashford as a decoy but now he's found Leander Herrera can line up the cross the flag has gone up Martial might have been the offside player I think it may have been Pogba Pogba was in there as well it looked like Martial came from a deeper run it's an unbelievable cross it really is from Rashford I think it's Pogba just stood offside what a brilliant cross devastating, there's no way Cech can come for that ball sets are forwards look dangerous in the game defences have got to work for it out here one option for Arsenal at right back Mathieu Debussy, remember him he's been injured for most of the season, he played in an under-23 game yesterday and he's got a good shot at it he's got a good shot at it and he's got a good shot at it and he's got a good shot at it scored at Tottenham which is always a good thing for an Arsenal player of course and just this game has come a bit too a bit too soon for him to be a candidate but I guess if Behrin's out for four weeks or so which is the case Jenkinson will have some competition for a more experienced right back here's the left back, Monreal Dirby, very strong ylon he tries to processing the Backid between Ramseyер and Valencia down on his side unless there is a pub ball on there was a little really good skill just comes past talking around with ease just can't pick anybody out Rashford's waiting near the penalty spot Two hook to handle for Arsenal then. That's the ball down. That's with Coquelin. Martial, what a weak one. Cost a lot of money, Anthony Martial. I think that he'll be very grateful that the spotlight is on Wayne Rooney consistently. It's on Zlatan Ibrahimovic because £55 million, he's been getting away with it, really. He's got to produce a lot more. I know he's settling in to the Premier League and he started very well. £55 million, he's going to have to start delivering soon. He doesn't look happy at times when he's playing. He needs more energy, more... more damage in his game. Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Not much in it. Martial was the top scorer here last season in all competitions. Not so much game time under Jose Mourinho. Quite some character, of course, but he's seen as a lucky charm by a lot of United fans. Jones. And goes Elneny. As they're waiting for it to drop. Needs a bit of control. Cover here. And Rocco for... United. He held Arsenal up. He's been drawn out of position. Carrick. That's a great defensive sense as well. He's still dropped in. Simon Beck. Moving a bit. Probably he's almost... As big as those two players on top of each other. So he can look after himself. I think this is going to be about his back between Ramsey and Valencia. We'll soon see who comes out on top in that one. Valencia will give him a tough time going forward. But Ramsey, if you don't stay with one run, he can punish you. He's a goal scorer. Not a good thinker, Antonio Valencia. Sanchez coming deep. Coming into feet again. Ozil. Walcott. Sanchez. Sanchez. That's United's fight to tackle him. That's a ball into the middle. Deeper run from Jenkinson. Comes out for Coquelin. Still waiting for his first Arsenal goal. That's the head is from Valencia. Back in towards the centre of the goal. From the centre, he's in by f brainstorm, 아니야 handlebar. That's7-0 atすごassemti.io 0-0 평가 Back on the touchline today of course, after that ban at Swansea. Guess they'll have to pay a hefty fine. 0-7 Roadman 0-ND Мыrdон 6E0 Евgilson 0-1으로 0-2 caramel 20 Coupes 20 Coupes he's big Carl Jefferson did win one cap for England four years ago now I didn't touch it he had to book it disagrees booking for tonight's today's left back for Manchester United he did touch it but once he gave the foul he had to book it Coquelin Monreal not pushing up too far mindful of what Walcott could possibly do to them the ball dropped over the top Sanchez rolls past Valencia brilliantly done slightly delayed allowing character to get a foot in in by Jenkinson Walcott in there knocked away by Rocco seen a couple of brilliant turns in this game one from Ozil earlier on from Sanchez and one from Pogba in the box just a little bit too far away from goal I think they feed that ball into him in and around the 18 yard box and he can do that that's when they really are in business there aren't too many central strikers even in the Premier League who can do that and that's what he's become Alexis Sanchez Arsenal were concerned he was injured training with Chile missed their first game of the international break then probably against medical advice played in the second game scored two goals virtually did the full 90 minutes and here he is playing in a big clash at Old Trafford just a few days later you like him in your team in your club Alexis Sanchez is tough great appetite to watch him play football You've called my institutional內 pretty, sweet name he can do it bt ten you have three and two three teams two wars Manaus obviously 구's got There might be one another big game who can let the B trees Qu mi by three also the Emirates Stadium just over a year ago they were 3-0 up after 19 minutes so far he's just maybe dropping a little deep to receive the ball and by Pogba again by Rashford another Arsenal free kick Pogba's got to be careful he's one booking away from a suspension here's the deep Alexis Sanchez again he couldn't control this pass let's hear from Jamie Redknapp again Jamie I just want to go back to the point Gary made right at the start of the show when we were talking about how they get manited into the game the first two passes went out to Martial but what I've not seen since is him making the pass to the right wing and then he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful enough energy enough desire to get on the ball it's been too easy to play against now Gary played right back I think Cole Jenkinson is probably thinking this has been a result for me look once they've got the ball out to him and not showing enough energy and I think you've got to get him in the game he's a match winner in this game but he's not doing enough and I think if you're the right back Gary you'll be delighted so far because they've stopped getting the ball out to Martial yeah I remember the end of last season watching the game I was actually sat over the far side I wasn't working for television and thinking you need to work harder you know he needs to make more runs off the ball and just sort of standing out and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just position not really challenging the space at all in the game that's if he doesn't come to his feet he engages definitely when the balls at his feet in there on the box is fantastic he's got to do what do more to get in the game particularly the balls not there is Walcott ball I think I would look forward to is to hear Thierry Henry about Martial at half-time a bit of a mentor to man on the ball here Pogba for Mata can he get it down here because he only would be grateful that he didn't to some extent matters made there's the one he'd like to see Marcial make me the side dangerous one people to mark you it is a great pitching they're skating in a learn two out here still it月 on the 機 Pokemon he goes to get a niece his I'm aoms Famous And Herrera hasn't scored a Premier League goal since Arsenal were last here in February. He's had an argument with Valencia who say that he should. He brought it down and played it wide to me. I'm reminded of what's coming up for you live only on Sky Sports. Chelsea have to extend their run. Middlesbrough found a bit of form and look as though they're adjusting for the Premier League. It should be a good watch. 3.30 Sky Sports 1 on Sunday. Monday night, West Brom who were excellent in winning it. That's the last time they played against Burnley. They've had some good moments on their return to the Premier League as well. Oh, it's short by Carrick. But Walcott... It wasn't that short by Carrick. No, it was good from De Gea though. Any goalkeeper that's not as quick off his line as De Gea would have been in trouble and Walcott would have been in. Poigler... Carrick. When thinks that he will win. He is not as surely the coach who comes up here after hearing about the new Miglia club. Carrick... He got multiple boozers as he moves into the cage. It is obvious. Five hours or so. Walcott, a decent turn. Jenkinson, his strengths really are attacking right back. Coquelin, Elneny. A little bit high. And Damian could be in trouble here. He's got to be careful. He's going to talk to him. One more. Damian's done. He's never quite there. Actually, probably worse than the first one. Studs going into the shin. Jenkinson, he has to be very careful now, Damian. It's always a dangerous decision to make to go in when the ball bounces up like that. You have to go in with your foot high if you're trying to get hold of the ball. You don't. That's what happens there. That's what happens. Not really got in the game yet, Theo Walcott. Eight goals this season in all competitions. He's looking a little bit stronger physically when he's been doing extra work in the gym. Ozil. Frustrating for him so far. His first time. Half an hour. It's not quite happening for him. A couple of nice touches, but... He's not going to be able to find a pass or the moment that the national fans would want. Here's Phil Jones. Rojo. Rojo. Martial's gone through the middle. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Herrera. Pogba. Chance to take on Coppola. And, yeah, Monreal has tucked ground on the cover. Now Martial. Valencia. Oh, he's brought down by Monreal now. And Monreal wants a yellow card for a dive. Nor will the Manchester United man. And Mourinho is absolutely living. What? What? What? What? What? Clumsy at best for Monreal. The world's against Jose, according to Jose. Get screwed, it's clumsy. Look again for the leg contact, not the arm contact. I'm not sure, I think you'd have to see more than that. It did look clumsy. He's furious. Ten minutes before half time, it's probably the first flash point, really. I think that's that Burnley game, I was here, where he felt he had two or three big calls go against him. Here's the Herrera, Kaplan. He thought he won the ball for... It looked less of a foul than the one, wasn't giving him the penalty. That's often the way of the world. I'm not sure it was a penalty, I think the referee got it right. There was no definite contact that I could see that you'd think was a trip or something. It did look clumsy for Monreal because... It certainly looked risky. Yeah. Herrera. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot. Of course, Petr Cech knows all about Mata's left foot from their days away. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot. Of course, Petr Cech knows all about Mata's left foot from their days away. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot from their days away. The game's come alive. Pogba does well. Just plays that little slip pass in between midfield and defence, and Mustapha dives in, it's a brilliant save from Cech. and Mustapha dives in, it's a brilliant save from Cech. Rashford to take the corner. Take two. Ah! Is that four? Oh come on! That was Carrick coming in was under Herrera. Valencia looping it forward. Martial, kind of a difficult position and far entirely trying to chase it down. też thì đừng quên c jeg ra chβαea taқ rabbahtain. S modela lấy moje để nói, big minutes these towards the end of the first half not too much in the match Arsenal have stood up and been counted so far which hasn't always been the case in the Premier League games here short from Jenkinson it's interesting maybe we're a bit unbalanced with anyone coming in from their right Ramsey Ramsey here's Sanchez Herzl Jenkinson took over now Elneny Elneny Elneny decides to have a crack with a very short backlift well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well so handsome great just a perfect anyway yeah see it's closed just a SUBSCRIBE is ant yeah a while saying yesterday so a really good save. Gets down low. I always think on penalties, the big question you have to ask yourself, would you like one against you at the other end? And if the answer's no... Jamie, a quick thought from you on the penalty. I'm with you, Gary. I think, you know, it did look a penalty to me. You can see there's a lot of panic, though. I think Monreal panicked, and you can see the reaction then of Coquelin, Elneny, straight to look at the referee. I've got to be honest, I think giving a penalty to Alex Ferguson's manager, though, Gary, I like to think so. There's a lot of bitter and twisted ex-footballers around who played here on the wrong end of results. I think that's the way Jose Mourinho feels. Well, you might put to him that Damien could have been sent off. No, he couldn't. So, for a second, yellow. 0-0. Five minutes to go to half-time. Here's Valencia to take the game by the scruff of its neck again. Ramsey, that's risky. Herrera might be punished for this, Aaron Ramsey. Klopper, Martial. And Cech has to reach up, make sure he gets over the bar by his hand. I think this is where he is really good, Martial, when he's driving into the box, and you know he's going to set it out and try and bend it into that far corner. And it's where good goalkeepers, they read what's going to happen, they anticipate, they put themselves in a good area, Cech. It's comfortable for him in the end. Arsenal being tested again here. And the zone are all over, apart from Mustafi who's picking up Pogba. Cech is pushing it out to Martial. Probably either side of Cech that might have gone in, but he must have got a reasonable view of it. Hits it really well, Martial. It's a tough one for Cech. He has to get back in his goal after the punch. There's a bit of cover. Cech's left on the post. That's a brave header by Mustafi. Pogba. Pogba. Carrick. And the ball again by Pogba to the dangerous Valencia. Goes on the inside this time. Mata. Mata. Mata. And it's in trickery. And supplied it. And Alexis Sanchez caught it. And Arsenal kind of play on the counter here. But it just wasn't the service that Walcott really needs. Rojo hasn't always looked to be a chosen ringer player and they managed a short time here. But he needs him now and he did well there. And they chose him over daily bling there's a game they played the games have played together where two levels at centre-back and see Jordan really you know wasn't happy with that pair but stuck with Rojo after left bling on the bench has been a way of playing for his country playing for his dad of course he's equal to Danny Blin's 42 caps now the rocker hasn't been with the Argentineos left out of the recent squad Elneny narrow to early Theo Walcott quite a few times in his first half you see where he stood right take a picture highest up the field for Arsenal almost a centre forward I always think his best when he's making those late runs in that right-shifter channel rather than being stood in there having to receive it with his back to goal there was a gap in the central striking position when Alexis Sanchez drops that deep Jenkinson himself a little ball roll forward he goes back instead to Mustafi Sanchez again really deep and then he's centre forward and Sanchez is midfield can't be right and Rashid that's passed to Sanchez first came Coquelin with a timely tackle that was good from Coquelin good challenge good saves by Petr Cech the word panic was used a few minutes ago and the one moment of panic came when Monreal make contact with Valencia in the penalty area Andre Mariner turned down the strong Manchester United appeals that's a good save by Petr Cech and a minute Michael Oliver fourth official duties today there's no doubt he did put his arm out towards Valencia Monreal it's that question of intent and whether it's enough to be able to give a penalty I wasn't comfortable with it Sanchez again too narrow for Walcott again very hard give away how many Sasha d'Arnaud SH affects Sanchez Peter Sanchez again there's no doubt half-time Arsenal has meant to instruct Sanchez to stay higher is this side of Manchester United midfield far too often And that's why we look for man corona good for United