thinking which player would go over to the referee and I'm sure the words out of the mouth would have been I've had a good look at a half time referee at that one and you got it wrong, you always won Well, you're one of many on Sky Sports here who've had a good look at it and said they don't owe them doesn't owe them one Here's Jenkinson, Arsenal looking for a brisk beginning to this second half, cut out by Herrera Down by the side Mourinho, yelling for handball close to the incident Here's Monreal, clutching on it Arsenal corner Setting up for the short one again which means Damian and Mata have gone out leaving a bit of space Ball comes in straight, maybe towards the near post Take on, the two against two And then he puts it in and can be the hair for the straight forward catch Nice foot on the run On the ball from Jenkinson Herrera Pogba Loves that big diagonal inside left to outside right There he is again This is Sanchez Brushed aside but fouled in the doing of that Just wonder Gary how far you think Manchester United have got an identity under Jose Mourinho How much is his kind of team yet? Well, it's not getting the results that you would normally anticipate with his type of team I mean I do like the front six today, it's got an energy about it and more pace I'd like to see more from Rashford and Martial in terms of movements in behind but with Pogba and Herrera in midfield Carrick providing that stability, it does look a little bit more like a United team Back four looks nothing like I have to say Still trying to get your head around that being a Jose Mourinho back four It changes all the time, injuries, form Herrera, Mata trying to get it forward quickly to use the pace that Rashford and Martial have To Wayne Rooney, can't find either of those positions Ibrahimovic let me remind you suspended There is Martial who eased up, jinked in some under the ball and goes for Arsenal here Picked the ground as much as the ball It's good for Martial, whether it was a foul to start with, he's just stronger Gets away, decides to shoot rather than take it forward Milicek slipping and seeing the funny side of it Herrera, dealt with the dropping ball capably Pogba, a little bit of a I think they have graft from Arsenal but not too much craft which is what Arsene Wenger's teams are noted for Certainly what you always think about with Arsenal is that sort of combinations through midfield, the central midfield And then probably protesting that he didn't see the ball I think at the moment where Arsenal are suffering on the ball is Elneny and Coquelin aren't the best on the ball They're more defensive players and I think they're not getting the ball out of their feet on the half turn and through the lines too Here goes Pogba, drops from Rashford, can he see a way to goal? Shouts for handball but not really from the players In Valencia He's got a great attack He's got a great attack For Manchester United, putting the ball in towards Pogba in the first place For Manchester United, putting the ball in towards Pogba in the first place Mustafi spread himself and went low to block Darmian I think going back to Arsenal, when you think of Arsenal particularly Coquelin playing in midfield or Fabregas over the years Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines We haven't seen the combinations through central midfield with Elneny and Coquelin Ozil has struggled to get into the game Ozil has struggled to get into the game Ozil has struggled to get into the game Threw up onto the arm Painful on a cold day But definitely not a penalty Here's Martial Martial looking a bit soft at the moment in their defending compared to their resolute efforts for most of the first half Martial looking a bit soft at the moment in their defending compared to their resolute efforts for most of the first half Martial starting the second half better than the first Modric Meeting his match in Pogba Madda Pulled back by Adonany Tarek turned his back on the referee to take the foot off the ground on the referee to take the free kick notice that the referee turned his back on him here's jones carrick rojo so he just sweeps him slides into his left leg just follows through into rashford's shin it's a rash free kick a rash moment should say to give a free kick away one of those situations in hockey the ball delivered from further in from the corner flag and leads to goals in that game i'll see how to take it if there was a plan parts of it weren't in working order Herrera let's talk in the studio at halftime about maybe a draw good for both sides but manchester united really need to win to close the gap not just on arsenal but on the other clubs above them absolutely Jose Mourinho talking about this and West Ham here next weekend as he wants to make some points from against London opposition i think the drop points at home and stoke and burnley i think to draw today wouldn't be the result united knew that and get that confidence by winning a big game a statement win haven't had one yet the shirt is on the ground the shirt is on the ground this is going to cut his boxers they're going to finally know it so being there in the second half Ulloa wants to hoşelnik long to try and involve one of the pacey frontmen Marcello not quite provide any accuracy though Marcial held out, Pogba's there, extra cover Pogba got through to Walcott, there's the one-two with Alexis Sanchez Nancy waiting by the far post and others were getting there as well like Ozil, needed a little clip, first bit was good, good one-two between Walcott and Sanchez but then quality in the end lets Leo Walcott down, Jones putting it out of the near post Kylian goes in this time, Kai was away but I think Kostya Koscielny is good in those situations I'm so curious, I wonder whether De Gea could have come for it I think he could four yards out he has to come for that David De Gea, does okay in the end Paul Jones he puts Koscielny off almost encouraging, encouraging Arsenal to put the ball into the box if they would boss it, they wouldn't boss the last one but once overcooked let's hear again from Jamie Redknapp, Jamie just going back to the point you were speaking to Gary about that, I think a draw would be a good result for Arsenal I can't see it being a good result for Man United, they're the home side, they've got to take the initiative especially with Arsenal's record here over the last few years I want to see a lot more from Marcus Rashford, I have to be honest I'm looking at a young man this is a big chance to go, 19 years of age, no Ibrahimovic, no excuses, go and do your thing I've not seen enough energy from him, I'm looking for him making runs in beyond I think it's been too easy for Arsenal's back four to play against him, I want to see an awful lot more from him Martial's tried his best in the second half, hasn't quite happened for him but at least he looks like he might do something again sloppy pass but nearly got lucky Martin, back to you now cut through to Valencia, it was under hit Valencia's done very well again this avenue is the one that United should be looking to exploit Rojo dealt with it not an easy situation either, space for Pogba I hope Martial and Rashford were running away from it Martial offering himself square Valencia again this time he hasn't provided quite what Manchester United wanted but it's a very good recovery, still some strapping on that arm but not the plaster cast well Wayne Rooney of course is available from the bench that's a day where you would say do the warm-up properly I think Jamie was talking about Marcus Rashford, it would be him I imagine if United were going to make a change unless you put him on the right it doesn't matter but you'd think it would be up front so saying at the start Gary the link in these two is a little bit too close to history of fixtures between these two particularly here with Arsene Wenger because Wayne Rooney provides that in Manchester United he scored in that game that broke the run of 49 unbeaten games for the Invincibles won a penalty and scored on his 19th birthday just turned 31 now now time flies and a bit of a matter trying to fly forward for United solidly by Mustafi Elneny not much to the left for him MCU heading out there come at the hour maybe come at the man two goals behind Manchester United Matto. Jones just trying to clip it over the top. Rashford running in behind rather than running the channel. Arsenal's throw Both teams have got to try and get more play through the central midfield Certainly here for the winning for both Manchester United and Arsenal in the last third of the game The screening by Kokela had to be a foul Nerea couldn't put the brakes on There's no passing to central midfield He's not able to come forward himself He's going to run the blind out Nice and fed out by De Gea Pogba Let's see her stretching forward again looking for receiving Pogba's favourite pass but might get there in harmony with the man on the ball Carrick great body rudinton 114 sharpeners Malmsteen 只 три Play byLaughs Last-year goal горькой 봐요 had come home yielding its best he was pushed by Marcial, referee didn't agree here's Carrick Mata going to the far post not quite Ibrahimovic intensity from Elneny virtually for him he ran off Rashford when he might have been in a goal still the case of ifs, buts and maybes so far there's a chance for Rashford and the header's in front of him I think he's away from Mustafi Herrera dropped in behind Arsene again by Carrick that's why Wayne Rooney had to deal with some indifferent publicity shall we say that's why Wayne Rooney that's why Wayne Rooney over the last few days now has a chance to write the right kind of headlines with his name in them that's Anthony Marcial he replaces and Bailey Glendon's required too Rooney's gone up front Marcial's come out to the left sorry, Rashford's come out to the left and there's Rocher Rooney Rooney trying to make the substitution at that throw but Damian took it might be the player coming off here's Herrera Mata Mata Mata Rashford Rooney's offside substitution for Manchester United replacing the 36 for Palo Alto may have a knock of course he has got a yellow card and would represent a risk Bailey Glendon probably more noted as a left back than the centre back that he had to play for for the rest of the game the amount of time in his Manchester United career that's the first challenge with Walcott and it's turned by Herrera he's out all the time on that far side but he's on his own always isolated Mata goes outside him better for Mata back to Herrera Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Para Mata NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA short and quickly Herrera trying to sneak in here a better Ramsey too both clubs still in Europe of course both in the EFL Cup still as well matches which Jose Mourinho can work towards as he would want them Ozil only seen brief glimpses really matter now Rashford on the left Carrick into Rooney quite stick Rashford Manchester United have a little bit more attacking potential and the crowd of course trying to be the extra element more driving United going forward than there is in Arsenal Rooney's corner Herrera playing safe Rashford Herrera Mata Herrera's cross Pogba challenging it it's a really good cross from Herrera Herrera again going to turn it up a notch Manchester United here and make the breakthrough Rashford missed kick by Mata but it leads to another corner good spell from Manchester United now Arsenal's resilience being put to the test chance for handball led by Phil Jones quarter of the game left almost the first goal wins it situationally and it's a good one the last thing you could think Count Pogba disastrous however really some knocked started has been coming when has supplied it guys Nice CHEERING A late run, a driven finish, and a grimace for Arsene Wenger, smiles all round for Manchester United. Well, they were starting to wilt, Arsenal, who were getting little spaces down these channels, and there he makes the run, and I couldn't think of anybody better for Manchester United for that ball to be arriving at. Almost an empty goal to be able to put it into, it's the man with the technique, the composure, it's a brilliant finish from Juan Mata. And if that doesn't kick Arsenal into life, nothing will. United deservedly won, particularly for this second half. Well, the Mourinho-Mata conundrum, when the former Chelsea boss who sold Juan Mata to Manchester United came here. It's that old issue, how can you celebrate a goal that means so much? The lawmakers make it difficult for referees to enforce that kind of thing, but it won't dilute the Mata joy too much, particularly if United go on to win from here. As I said earlier, he's got plenty of goals against Arsenal in his Chelsea days, and here he's delivered a big one for his present club. I have to say... It's the most pathetic joke of a rule in football. To actually penalise someone for celebrating a goal... For bringing passion into the support that thrives on passion from all of us. Honestly, it's disgusting, you see it every single week. It's a ridiculous rule, get rid of it now. Interception by Rooney, United are away again. Mata's here again. Mopas got into the box, Rooney fires it in... Anything, it could have been an own goal. Here's Rashford. Arsenal on the rack here. Mata throwing it. They've got to kick themselves into gear, Arsenal. Everything you think about them when they come to Old Trafford, they're wilting, flaking, buckling every single year. They've got to get themselves going, they've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got to get themselves going, they've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got 20 minutes to correct that. Mata again, trying to flick it on at Mata, just to brush his hair as it went past him at the near post. Rams it. A couple to try and hit here. One of whom is Ozil. First time Arsenal have been behind in an away game this season. And if it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't happen anywhere, it was going to happen here. As Gary says, the history is not good. Everything you think about Arsenal in respect to the brilliant football, the combinations through the field, not just the courage to fight in a game, but the courage to play. Play the way they always play. Because they're brilliant at it when they get it going, those passes through the field and the combinations. I haven't seen anything of it. Sanchez, all behind the ball for United. Mustafi. Ozil. Sanchez. Ozil is able to deal with it. Alexis Sanchez again. Ozil. Ozil. Sanchez, a key ball. Arsenal here, but they need more than that. They need some thrust at the end of it. strust at the end of it. Napoli got a free kick. Valencia and Monreal again. Cacelny has done enough. Recognized probably that he can catch Rumi, had it come to a race. Recognized probably that he can catch Rumi, had it come to a race. Realising it can't be positive anymore. Then it's time for Olivier Giroud. %$&%$%V technique with 알고 Car mirror. making his way back from an early season injury and of course a late arrival back from Euro 2016 one of the defensive midfield players Elneny comes off it might help a little bit now with Ramsey going into that central area in the field alongside Coquelin he'll get on the ball a little bit more maybe get Arsenal playing Sanchez has gone out to the left hand side checks footwork Lindt spin towards Jenkinson away from Rooney Jenkinson's clear and timely as far as Rashford Coquelin did brilliantly got his body across Rashford to make sure the hamster couldn't run past him use his sprint capacity Ramsey Urshiel Ramsey into Giroud Sanchez has gone out to the left Irish working Jones Pogba Mata gorgeous from Ramsey it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this Gareth and bring up I need a statement a big win statement to build confidence down here bit now Man pieces Pogba So here Jamie Redknapp's version of the goal. Jamie. Let's have a quick look at it, Martin. I think Nacho Monreal is a player that I want to highlight. There he is. He goes to ground. And what he doesn't do there is then match Herrera's run. Herrera runs off the back of him. And it is a brilliant run. Lovely weighted pass. The goal scorer. There he is there. You can see the space that he's got. And as that ball gets played to him, I cannot tell you how difficult that technique is. We've got Ryan Giggs who had a fantastic left foot in the studio. I can't wait to hear what he thinks about it. A brilliant finish. The right foot for Alexis Sanchez. It was an opportunity for him. And he knows that there were a couple of bursting into the box, including Giroud. There's Giroud. In a good position. He looked like he was ahead. And Raho and Lind at the back post. You can see the tension there. He's got a lot of space. He knows it's big. He wants to win. He gave the record in the last few weeks. It's always been difficult. David de Gea and Cech St. Mourinho, of course, will have an interest in this tonight. 7.15. The Madrid derby. Sky Sports 5. Need to get home in time for that. Probably win the battle of the kids over the dancing and singing first. Cersei Sergei with a clear shot of the five minutes Manchester United broke through all about angles to it no contact from Ramsey nice knee down Ramsey back in full working order injured first game of the season Valencia Mata really enjoying himself Valencia likewise and Manchester United could wrap it up here a little bit of fortune favoring us it's a corner bled Rooney bled crosses out haven't got there will be annoyed with himself and he couldn't at least find the target Sanchez the header in the first half really good chance for Rojo still one nil Jose Coquelin off Granit Xhaka who were faced the atmosphere of this feisty fixture for the first time although he has played against Manchester United before with Basel Ozil that's a long overdue a goal against the Jose Mourinho team it would be six games if they've heard the score on this one actually the other five against Chelsea Rooney great piece of vision and by Pogba Rashford waiting for help which includes Mata arriving from a deeper position again probably was fouled United still got the ball but they've cherished a free kick there you feel here's Blin Pogba Shep it means the numbers have become chosen in defence coming against descending Saunders birds however that doesn't mean that the N candidates do to play their final bench changes to Laurence 200.00 Она 2.30. merit ولا pénal densityhes ... hundred twenty- Kunlup NЛ ... Well, they've not even had a shot in the second half, Arsenal. They were so disappointed. Steve Bould, Arsene Wenger, nothing on target. 20 years ago, Gary, his very first defeat as Arsenal manager, 1-0 here. Nigel Winterburn, own goal. November 1996. 1-0 down to a fine goal from Juan Mata today. Giroud. I can really get angry about Arsenal sometimes. When I think about the fantastic football that they play. The same goes year in, year out. Podber. Embroidering the game with a series of flicks in back heels. Andre Marriner might come back and address the incident. And Manchester United have finished with this attack. No shots at all in the second half. They've not even laid a glove on United. Nothing. Wolcott gives it straight back into the mix. But now reaches Ramsey. And on tackle by Carrick. And Andre Marriner is now... Going to have a word with Miss Defie. Who... He's pulled back for Stafford. I think Michael Carrick might be struggling. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has come on for Carl Jenkinson. Right back. Straight swap. Maybe that'll inject some life into this Arsenal club. He needs to play like Valencia. Yeah. For seven minutes plus stoppage time. You've got to give something in this last seven minutes, Arsenal, to the fans that have travelled. Ramsey. Oxlade-Chamberlain made his Premier League debut coming on as a substitute here in the... game. And they lost 8-2. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. Alan . Jamal . Jamal . 0-a. 0-a. . 0-a. 0-a. 0-a. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. free free throw. make such a difference. off to Gerrit. keeper. very good shepherd. slider moving off the back of the net. disclaimer that's an excipient goalkeeper. The duck is very important Denzel少ма. keeper's gonna win. birthday of Ben OHR. Man is the match, substitution from Jose Mourinho, head is across the line, instructions to Schneiderlin, the man who will be the match winner if it stays like this. The special Juan. Well, big moments in the game, that one in the first half at Czechsade, and this one, absolutely brilliant control finish. I said at the time, you wouldn't have anybody else arriving from Manchester United in that position. He's got great composing technique, and made it look so simple, even though it wasn't. Got a big winner here against Sicily in the League Cup, and a 1-0 success. They've always been seen as great friends, but they've both gone out of their way to play down any suggestions of... professional disagreements. Herrera's just gone to the right-hand side, and Schneiderlin has pitched in alongside Couric. Arsenal struggling to contain Klopp, and Aaron Ramsey, I think probably... Well, he could have been booked for that one alone, but he's committed two or three under fouls in the second half. Kurs, Yelikaba, he hasn't played that much, has he? So... THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Trey Chamberlain... Trying to defend as a right-back. Well, if they've brought the kitchen sink, they're gonna throw it at United, but I'm not sure they packed it. Come on, Trey. Come on. No. I'd have to say for 86 minutes... The team with so much talent... To be so... Far-jit. It's a really pathetic performance, to be honest with you, because they come here as favourites almost in some ways, he'll be absolutely gutted with how his team's played. Nothing. No passes in midfield, no Couric to take the ball, no shots on goal, and yet they've got five minutes and they could... correct it all. The most angry I've ever seen Arsene Wenger was when the 1999 FA Cup semi-final at Ewan Ryan, I remember so well. He knew Arsenal should have won that, and he knew Manchester United were let back into the picture big time, which of course panned out correctly, and he's letting Manchester United back into the picture here. Well, honestly, if United lose here today at home, it's gonna be a long old winter. If they can win and hang on for this next few minutes, it's offside, then the confidence it'll give them will be big. They haven't won it yet. Three minutes plus stoppage time. There we go. He's taking nothing for granted. Sanchez still going. Ticking away. He must be exhausted. Nowhere near 100% fit. Rojo's there. That's the only thing he can do. That's the only thing he can do. There's the line to get up with him. Can he get the ball into Giroud and around the edge of the box? He's good. And he's bringing people into play around those areas. That's a bad United defence at the moment. There's it. Yeah. Yes. твор принимet beaufox, carolynash linked Carsollo. Jan explain how Fulham lost in this semi-final? He just lovely拜拜 over your arm when the massive estrella event happened. By Russell Morgan? Yeah! Which in itself most demonstrating his Marsha Alderweireld has § big cm stout classroom body. APPLAUSE A perfect chance fashion for him. Well, get out of jail. Get out of jail. One bit of quality in the game from Arsenal, particularly in the second half, Rashford doesn't do enough, Oxlade-Chamberlain stands it up to the back post, and the right man's arriving. Giroud, brilliant in the air, gets up early. Holds himself, he's got no chance to hit, it's powered past him. And Arsenal, from what has been a really abysmal performance, at the very least look like they're gonna get a point. He's sent on Oxlade-Chamberlain, he's sent on Olivier Giroud, and they've combined here... ..with the first meaningful attack, really. Certainly the second half for the Gunners, and you could argue in the entire, what, 89 minutes... ..that's the last minute. ..that's the last minute. A big goal. It's a big goal, a signer for Jose Mourinho and Manchester United. Now Rooney... ..comes out to blind, who's stronger than Ramsey. Rashford. Rashford again. Rooney went in with another man. ..minimum of four minutes on his time. Now Gibbon. He spotted it, Andre Mourinho. And it's a good signer. He got Oxlade-Chamberlain on as a right-back to do just this sort of thing. Super cross. That's a good cross, really good cross. And Koscielny being in there is the confusion for Phil Jones. And Giroud, there's no-one anywhere near him. There's towers above everybody. Koscielny, maybe doing enough to make sure it wasn't a decisive headed clearance. Rojo. Fucking hell! THEY CHANT Those Arsenal fans have been going home tonight. Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal team, thinking, here we go again. Football can change in a moment. Screech out by Manuel. United's throw. Still a couple of minutes left. Dalotov, wants to outplay Go popped by Has an end... Wijnaldum to dentro Jankothought of Dudley Hind. Troubled here... Then a over it by Rotterdam. Burek is up... It had to be a red card now. That's where they are buttered yet again. a headed goal in the Premier League this season. Good line. Arsenal close together. Winslow's got an important job at that near post, making sure no-one gets across him. Taken by Rooney. Looking for a header. Herrera. And check. The flag was up for a side anyway. I said, Gary, long overdue a goal against the Jose Mourinho team. I mean, they left it late here. It's a big goal. Changes the agenda. Post-match, if it stays the same, because it really hasn't been a good performance. It certainly changed the match. Man of the match. The man of the match. I think it's been Antonio Valencia. I'm not going to let the Arsenal goal change my mind on that. I think it's been the best Manchester United. player. Well, he had an arm break. He's had a bit of heartbreak, hasn't he, at the end? It's not done and dusted yet. Well, urging Andre Marriner not to blow, as he did on the penalty claim in the first half. Look at this. Look at this. Good ball. He took it there. Perfect touch there by Matth metric. Don't know why, but he's prepared for the World Cup. That's quite a tussock. Tens of thousand mounting points." For trophy hot on the back. Steve pestero sent this ball toけれggio to close it out for this match. they do either throw it's not one three kick given that it was a very risky manoeuvre and Rooney has something else to say I think it's that for much of this game it looked like