thinking which player would go over to the referee and I'm sure the words out of the mouth would have been I've had a good look at a half time referee at that one and you got it wrong, you always won Well, you're one of many on Sky Sports here who've had a good look at it and said they don't owe them doesn't owe them one Here's Jenkinson, Arsenal looking for a brisk beginning to this second half, cut out by Herrera Down by the side Mourinho, yelling for handball close to the incident Here's Monreal, clutching on it Arsenal corner Setting up for the short one again which means Damian and Mata have gone out leaving a bit of space Ball comes in straight, maybe towards the near post Take on, the two against two And then he puts it in and can be the hair for the straight forward catch Nice foot on the run On the ball from Jenkinson Herrera Pogba Loves that big diagonal inside left to outside right There he is again This is Sanchez Brushed aside but fouled in the doing of that Just wonder Gary how far you think Manchester United have got an identity under Jose Mourinho How much is his kind of team yet? Well, it's not getting the results that you would normally anticipate with his type of team I mean I do like the front six today, it's got an energy about it and more pace I'd like to see more from Rashford and Martial in terms of movements in behind but with Pogba and Herrera in midfield Carrick providing that stability, it does look a little bit more like a United team Back four looks nothing like I have to say Still trying to get your head around that being a Jose Mourinho back four It changes all the time, injuries, form Herrera, Mata trying to get it forward quickly to use the pace that Rashford and Martial have To Wayne Rooney, can't find either of those positions Ibrahimovic let me remind you suspended There is Martial who eased up, jinked in some under the ball and goes for Arsenal here Picked the ground as much as the ball It's good for Martial, whether it was a foul to start with, he's just stronger Gets away, decides to shoot rather than take it forward Milicek slipping and seeing the funny side of it Herrera, dealt with the dropping ball capably Pogba, a little bit of a I think they have graft from Arsenal but not too much craft which is what Arsene Wenger's teams are noted for Certainly what you always think about with Arsenal is that sort of combinations through midfield, the central midfield And then probably protesting that he didn't see the ball I think at the moment where Arsenal are suffering on the ball is Elneny and Coquelin aren't the best on the ball They're more defensive players and I think they're not getting the ball out of their feet on the half turn and through the lines too Here goes Pogba, drops from Rashford, can he see a way to goal? Shouts for handball but not really from the players In Valencia He's got a great attack He's got a great attack For Manchester United, putting the ball in towards Pogba in the first place For Manchester United, putting the ball in towards Pogba in the first place Mustafi spread himself and went low to block Darmian I think going back to Arsenal, when you think of Arsenal particularly Coquelin playing in midfield or Fabregas over the years Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines Somebody you play in from back four into central areas of midfield and get the half turn and pop it through the lines We haven't seen the combinations through central midfield with Elneny and Coquelin Ozil has struggled to get into the game Ozil has struggled to get into the game Ozil has struggled to get into the game Threw up onto the arm Painful on a cold day But definitely not a penalty Here's Martial Martial looking a bit soft at the moment in their defending compared to their resolute efforts for most of the first half Martial looking a bit soft at the moment in their defending compared to their resolute efforts for most of the first half Martial starting the second half better than the first Modric Meeting his match in Pogba Madda Pulled back by Adonany Tarek turned his back on the referee to take the foot off the ground on the referee to take the free kick notice that the referee turned his back on him here's jones carrick rojo so he just sweeps him slides into his left leg just follows through into rashford's shin it's a rash free kick a rash moment should say to give a free kick away one of those situations in hockey the ball delivered from further in from the corner flag and leads to goals in that game i'll see how to take it if there was a plan parts of it weren't in working order Herrera let's talk in the studio at halftime about maybe a draw good for both sides but manchester united really need to win to close the gap not just on arsenal but on the other clubs above them absolutely Jose Mourinho talking about this and West Ham here next weekend as he wants to make some points from against London opposition i think the drop points at home and stoke and burnley i think to draw today wouldn't be the result united knew that and get that confidence by winning a big game a statement win haven't had one yet the shirt is on the ground the shirt is on the ground this is going to cut his boxers they're going to finally know it so being there in the second half Ulloa wants to hoşelnik long to try and involve one of the pacey frontmen Marcello not quite provide any accuracy though Marcial held out, Pogba's there, extra cover Pogba got through to Walcott, there's the one-two with Alexis Sanchez Nancy waiting by the far post and others were getting there as well like Ozil, needed a little clip, first bit was good, good one-two between Walcott and Sanchez but then quality in the end lets Leo Walcott down, Jones putting it out of the near post Kylian goes in this time, Kai was away but I think Kostya Koscielny is good in those situations I'm so curious, I wonder whether De Gea could have come for it I think he could four yards out he has to come for that David De Gea, does okay in the end Paul Jones he puts Koscielny off almost encouraging, encouraging Arsenal to put the ball into the box if they would boss it, they wouldn't boss the last one but once overcooked let's hear again from Jamie Redknapp, Jamie just going back to the point you were speaking to Gary about that, I think a draw would be a good result for Arsenal I can't see it being a good result for Man United, they're the home side, they've got to take the initiative especially with Arsenal's record here over the last few years I want to see a lot more from Marcus Rashford, I have to be honest I'm looking at a young man this is a big chance to go, 19 years of age, no Ibrahimovic, no excuses, go and do your thing I've not seen enough energy from him, I'm looking for him making runs in beyond I think it's been too easy for Arsenal's back four to play against him, I want to see an awful lot more from him Martial's tried his best in the second half, hasn't quite happened for him but at least he looks like he might do something again sloppy pass but nearly got lucky Martin, back to you now cut through to Valencia, it was under hit Valencia's done very well again this avenue is the one that United should be looking to exploit Rojo dealt with it not an easy situation either, space for Pogba I hope Martial and Rashford were running away from it Martial offering himself square Valencia again this time he hasn't provided quite what Manchester United wanted but it's a very good recovery, still some strapping on that arm but not the plaster cast well Wayne Rooney of course is available from the bench that's a day where you would say do the warm-up properly I think Jamie was talking about Marcus Rashford, it would be him I imagine if United were going to make a change unless you put him on the right it doesn't matter but you'd think it would be up front so saying at the start Gary the link in these two is a little bit too close to history of fixtures between these two particularly here with Arsene Wenger because Wayne Rooney provides that in Manchester United he scored in that game that broke the run of 49 unbeaten games for the Invincibles won a penalty and scored on his 19th birthday just turned 31 now now time flies and a bit of a matter trying to fly forward for United solidly by Mustafi Elneny not much to the left for him MCU heading out there come at the hour maybe come at the man two goals behind Manchester United Matto. Jones just trying to clip it over the top. Rashford running in behind rather than running the channel. Arsenal's throw Both teams have got to try and get more play through the central midfield Certainly here for the winning for both Manchester United and Arsenal in the last third of the game The screening by Kokela had to be a foul Nerea couldn't put the brakes on There's no passing to central midfield He's not able to come forward himself He's going to run the blind out Nice and fed out by De Gea Pogba Let's see her stretching forward again looking for receiving Pogba's favourite pass but might get there in harmony with the man on the ball Carrick great body rudinton 114 sharpeners Malmsteen 只 три Play byLaughs Last-year goal горькой 봐요 had come home yielding its best he was pushed by Marcial, referee didn't agree here's Carrick Mata going to the far post not quite Ibrahimovic intensity from Elneny virtually for him he ran off Rashford when he might have been in a goal still the case of ifs, buts and maybes so far there's a chance for Rashford and the header's in front of him I think he's away from Mustafi Herrera dropped in behind Arsene again by Carrick that's why Wayne Rooney had to deal with some indifferent publicity shall we say that's why Wayne Rooney that's why Wayne Rooney over the last few days now has a chance to write the right kind of headlines with his name in them that's Anthony Marcial he replaces and Bailey Glendon's required too Rooney's gone up front Marcial's come out to the left sorry, Rashford's come out to the left and there's Rocher Rooney Rooney trying to make the substitution at that throw but Damian took it might be the player coming off here's Herrera Mata Mata Mata Rashford Rooney's offside substitution for Manchester United replacing the 36 for Palo Alto may have a knock of course he has got a yellow card and would represent a risk Bailey Glendon probably more noted as a left back than the centre back that he had to play for for the rest of the game the amount of time in his Manchester United career that's the first challenge with Walcott and it's turned by Herrera he's out all the time on that far side but he's on his own always isolated Mata goes outside him better for Mata back to Herrera Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Para Mata NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA short and quickly Herrera trying to sneak in here a better Ramsey too both clubs still in Europe of course both in the EFL Cup still as well matches which Jose Mourinho can work towards as he would want them Ozil only seen brief glimpses really matter now Rashford on the left Carrick into Rooney quite stick Rashford Manchester United have a little bit more attacking potential and the crowd of course trying to be the extra element more driving United going forward than there is in Arsenal Rooney's corner Herrera playing safe Rashford Herrera Mata Herrera's cross Pogba challenging it it's a really good cross from Herrera Herrera again going to turn it up a notch Manchester United here and make the breakthrough Rashford missed kick by Mata but it leads to another corner good spell from Manchester United now Arsenal's resilience being put to the test chance for handball led by Phil Jones quarter of the game left almost the first goal wins it situationally and it's a good one the last thing you could think Count Pogba disastrous however really some knocked started has been coming when has supplied it guys Nice CHEERING A late run, a driven finish, and a grimace for Arsene Wenger, smiles all round for Manchester United. Well, they were starting to wilt, Arsenal, who were getting little spaces down these channels, and there he makes the run, and I couldn't think of anybody better for Manchester United for that ball to be arriving at. Almost an empty goal to be able to put it into, it's the man with the technique, the composure, it's a brilliant finish from Juan Mata. And if that doesn't kick Arsenal into life, nothing will. United deservedly won, particularly for this second half. Well, the Mourinho-Mata conundrum, when the former Chelsea boss who sold Juan Mata to Manchester United came here. It's that old issue, how can you celebrate a goal that means so much? The lawmakers make it difficult for referees to enforce that kind of thing, but it won't dilute the Mata joy too much, particularly if United go on to win from here. As I said earlier, he's got plenty of goals against Arsenal in his Chelsea days, and here he's delivered a big one for his present club. I have to say... It's the most pathetic joke of a rule in football. To actually penalise someone for celebrating a goal... For bringing passion into the support that thrives on passion from all of us. Honestly, it's disgusting, you see it every single week. It's a ridiculous rule, get rid of it now. Interception by Rooney, United are away again. Mata's here again. Mopas got into the box, Rooney fires it in... Anything, it could have been an own goal. Here's Rashford. Arsenal on the rack here. Mata throwing it. They've got to kick themselves into gear, Arsenal. Everything you think about them when they come to Old Trafford, they're wilting, flaking, buckling every single year. They've got to get themselves going, they've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got to get themselves going, they've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got 20 minutes to correct that. They've got 20 minutes to correct that. Mata again, trying to flick it on at Mata, just to brush his hair as it went past him at the near post. Rams it. A couple to try and hit here. One of whom is Ozil. First time Arsenal have been behind in an away game this season. And if it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't... If it doesn't happen anywhere, it was going to happen here. As Gary says, the history is not good. Everything you think about Arsenal in respect to the brilliant football, the combinations through the field, not just the courage to fight in a game, but the courage to play. Play the way they always play. Because they're brilliant at it when they get it going, those passes through the field and the combinations. I haven't seen anything of it. Sanchez, all behind the ball for United. Mustafi. Ozil. Sanchez. Ozil is able to deal with it. Alexis Sanchez again. Ozil. Ozil. Sanchez, a key ball. Arsenal here, but they need more than that. They need some thrust at the end of it. strust at the end of it. Napoli got a free kick. Valencia and Monreal again. Cacelny has done enough. Recognized probably that he can catch Rumi, had it come to a race. Recognized probably that he can catch Rumi, had it come to a race. Realising it can't be positive anymore. Then it's time for Olivier Giroud. %$&%$%V technique with 알고 Car mirror. making his way back from an early season injury and of course a late arrival back from Euro 2016 one of the defensive midfield players Elneny comes off it might help a little bit now with Ramsey going into that central area in the field alongside Coquelin he'll get on the ball a little bit more maybe get Arsenal playing Sanchez has gone out to the left hand side checks footwork Lindt spin towards Jenkinson away from Rooney Jenkinson's clear and timely as far as Rashford Coquelin did brilliantly got his body across Rashford to make sure the hamster couldn't run past him use his sprint capacity Ramsey Urshiel Ramsey into Giroud Sanchez has gone out to the left Irish working Jones Pogba Mata gorgeous from Ramsey it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this it's a bit 15 minutes this Gareth and bring up I need a statement a big win statement to build confidence down here bit now Man pieces Pogba So here Jamie Redknapp's version of the goal. Jamie. Let's have a quick look at it, Martin. I think Nacho Monreal is a player that I want to highlight. There he is. He goes to ground. And what he doesn't do there is then match Herrera's run. Herrera runs off the back of him. And it is a brilliant run. Lovely weighted pass. The goal scorer. There he is there. You can see the space that he's got. And as that ball gets played to him, I cannot tell you how difficult that technique is. We've got Ryan Giggs who had a fantastic left foot in the studio. I can't wait to hear what he thinks about it. A brilliant finish. The right foot for Alexis Sanchez. It was an opportunity for him. And he knows that there were a couple of bursting into the box, including Giroud. There's Giroud. In a good position. He looked like he was ahead. And Raho and Lind at the back post. You can see the tension there. He's got a lot of space. He knows it's big. He wants to win. He gave the record in the last few weeks. It's always been difficult. David de Gea and Cech St. Mourinho, of course, will have an interest in this tonight. 7.15. The Madrid derby. Sky Sports 5. Need to get home in time for that. Probably win the battle of the kids over the dancing and singing first. Cersei Sergei with a clear shot of the five minutes Manchester United broke through all about angles to it no contact from Ramsey nice knee down Ramsey back in full working order injured first game of the season Valencia Mata really enjoying himself Valencia likewise and Manchester United could wrap it up here a little bit of fortune favoring us it's a corner bled Rooney bled crosses out haven't got there will be annoyed with himself and he couldn't at least find the target Sanchez the header in the first half really good chance for Rojo still one nil Jose Coquelin off Granit Xhaka who were faced the atmosphere of this feisty fixture for the first time although he has played against Manchester United before with Basel Ozil that's a long overdue a goal against the Jose Mourinho team it would be six games if they've heard the score on this one actually the other five against Chelsea Rooney great piece of vision and by Pogba Rashford waiting for help which includes Mata arriving from a deeper position again probably was fouled United still got the ball but they've cherished a free kick there you feel here's Blin Pogba Shep it means the numbers have become chosen in defence coming against descending Saunders birds however that doesn't mean that the N candidates do to play their final bench changes to Laurence 200.00 Она 2.30. merit ولا pénal densityhes ... hundred twenty- Kunlup NЛ ... Well, they've not even had a shot in the second half, Arsenal. They were so disappointed. Steve Bould, Arsene Wenger, nothing on target. 20 years ago, Gary, his very first defeat as Arsenal manager, 1-0 here. Nigel Winterburn, own goal. November 1996. 1-0 down to a fine goal from Juan Mata today. Giroud. I can really get angry about Arsenal sometimes. When I think about the fantastic football that they play. The same goes year in, year out. Podber. Embroidering the game with a series of flicks in back heels. Andre Marriner might come back and address the incident. And Manchester United have finished with this attack. No shots at all in the second half. They've not even laid a glove on United. Nothing. Wolcott gives it straight back into the mix. But now reaches Ramsey. And on tackle by Carrick. And Andre Marriner is now... Going to have a word with Miss Defie. Who... He's pulled back for Stafford. I think Michael Carrick might be struggling. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has come on for Carl Jenkinson. Right back. Straight swap. Maybe that'll inject some life into this Arsenal club. He needs to play like Valencia. Yeah. For seven minutes plus stoppage time. You've got to give something in this last seven minutes, Arsenal, to the fans that have travelled. Ramsey. Oxlade-Chamberlain made his Premier League debut coming on as a substitute here in the... game. And they lost 8-2. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. 2-1. Alan . Jamal . Jamal . 0-a. 0-a. . 0-a. 0-a. 0-a. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. 0-3. free free throw. make such a difference. off to Gerrit. keeper. very good shepherd. slider moving off the back of the net. disclaimer that's an excipient goalkeeper. The duck is very important Denzel少ма. keeper's gonna win. birthday of Ben OHR. Man is the match, substitution from Jose Mourinho, head is across the line, instructions to Schneiderlin, the man who will be the match winner if it stays like this. The special Juan. Well, big moments in the game, that one in the first half at Czechsade, and this one, absolutely brilliant control finish. I said at the time, you wouldn't have anybody else arriving from Manchester United in that position. He's got great composing technique, and made it look so simple, even though it wasn't. Got a big winner here against Sicily in the League Cup, and a 1-0 success. They've always been seen as great friends, but they've both gone out of their way to play down any suggestions of... professional disagreements. Herrera's just gone to the right-hand side, and Schneiderlin has pitched in alongside Couric. Arsenal struggling to contain Klopp, and Aaron Ramsey, I think probably... Well, he could have been booked for that one alone, but he's committed two or three under fouls in the second half. Kurs, Yelikaba, he hasn't played that much, has he? So... THEY CHANT THEY CHANT Trey Chamberlain... Trying to defend as a right-back. Well, if they've brought the kitchen sink, they're gonna throw it at United, but I'm not sure they packed it. Come on, Trey. Come on. No. I'd have to say for 86 minutes... The team with so much talent... To be so... Far-jit. It's a really pathetic performance, to be honest with you, because they come here as favourites almost in some ways, he'll be absolutely gutted with how his team's played. Nothing. No passes in midfield, no Couric to take the ball, no shots on goal, and yet they've got five minutes and they could... correct it all. The most angry I've ever seen Arsene Wenger was when the 1999 FA Cup semi-final at Ewan Ryan, I remember so well. He knew Arsenal should have won that, and he knew Manchester United were let back into the picture big time, which of course panned out correctly, and he's letting Manchester United back into the picture here. Well, honestly, if United lose here today at home, it's gonna be a long old winter. If they can win and hang on for this next few minutes, it's offside, then the confidence it'll give them will be big. They haven't won it yet. Three minutes plus stoppage time. There we go. He's taking nothing for granted. Sanchez still going. Ticking away. He must be exhausted. Nowhere near 100% fit. Rojo's there. That's the only thing he can do. That's the only thing he can do. There's the line to get up with him. Can he get the ball into Giroud and around the edge of the box? He's good. And he's bringing people into play around those areas. That's a bad United defence at the moment. There's it. Yeah. Yes. твор принимet beaufox, carolynash linked Carsollo. Jan explain how Fulham lost in this semi-final? He just lovely拜拜 over your arm when the massive estrella event happened. By Russell Morgan? Yeah! Which in itself most demonstrating his Marsha Alderweireld has § big cm stout classroom body. APPLAUSE A perfect chance fashion for him. Well, get out of jail. Get out of jail. One bit of quality in the game from Arsenal, particularly in the second half, Rashford doesn't do enough, Oxlade-Chamberlain stands it up to the back post, and the right man's arriving. Giroud, brilliant in the air, gets up early. Holds himself, he's got no chance to hit, it's powered past him. And Arsenal, from what has been a really abysmal performance, at the very least look like they're gonna get a point. He's sent on Oxlade-Chamberlain, he's sent on Olivier Giroud, and they've combined here... ..with the first meaningful attack, really. Certainly the second half for the Gunners, and you could argue in the entire, what, 89 minutes... ..that's the last minute. ..that's the last minute. A big goal. It's a big goal, a signer for Jose Mourinho and Manchester United. Now Rooney... ..comes out to blind, who's stronger than Ramsey. Rashford. Rashford again. Rooney went in with another man. ..minimum of four minutes on his time. Now Gibbon. He spotted it, Andre Mourinho. And it's a good signer. He got Oxlade-Chamberlain on as a right-back to do just this sort of thing. Super cross. That's a good cross, really good cross. And Koscielny being in there is the confusion for Phil Jones. And Giroud, there's no-one anywhere near him. There's towers above everybody. Koscielny, maybe doing enough to make sure it wasn't a decisive headed clearance. Rojo. Fucking hell! THEY CHANT Those Arsenal fans have been going home tonight. Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal team, thinking, here we go again. Football can change in a moment. Screech out by Manuel. United's throw. Still a couple of minutes left. Dalotov, wants to outplay Go popped by Has an end... Wijnaldum to dentro Jankothought of Dudley Hind. Troubled here... Then a over it by Rotterdam. Burek is up... It had to be a red card now. That's where they are buttered yet again. a headed goal in the Premier League this season. Good line. Arsenal close together. Winslow's got an important job at that near post, making sure no-one gets across him. Taken by Rooney. Looking for a header. Herrera. And check. The flag was up for a side anyway. I said, Gary, long overdue a goal against the Jose Mourinho team. I mean, they left it late here. It's a big goal. Changes the agenda. Post-match, if it stays the same, because it really hasn't been a good performance. It certainly changed the match. Man of the match. The man of the match. I think it's been Antonio Valencia. I'm not going to let the Arsenal goal change my mind on that. I think it's been the best Manchester United. player. Well, he had an arm break. He's had a bit of heartbreak, hasn't he, at the end? It's not done and dusted yet. Well, urging Andre Marriner not to blow, as he did on the penalty claim in the first half. Look at this. Look at this. Good ball. He took it there. Perfect touch there by Matth metric. Don't know why, but he's prepared for the World Cup. That's quite a tussock. Tens of thousand mounting points." For trophy hot on the back. Steve pestero sent this ball toけれggio to close it out for this match. they do either throw it's not one three kick given that it was a very risky manoeuvre and Rooney has something else to say I think it's that for much of this game it looked like of six points in Arsenal's favour between the two after 11 games the teams above them emphasizing the breadth of the competition these days for one now since it's just been between Manchester United and Arsenal but that's created a backdrop that has always visited prior to the teams lining up against each other Arsenal won a league title here they've all suffered two heavy defeats here 6-1 and 8-2 Alexis Sanchez a free kick question marks this morning as to whether Arsene Wenger will go with Giroud or Alexis Sanchez but it didn't seem to be a real battle when you think about the quality of Sanchez, if you're a defender for United you would hate to play against him another famous fixture between the two Arsenal end their 49 game unbeaten run in the Premier League here they come here with a 16 game unbeaten sequence in all competitions this season they've only lost on the opening day to Liverpool not lost away since March that was Barcelona and not lost away in the Premier League since February here they're on the front foot, they're not allowing United to play against them they're out from the back, De Gea having to kick Mo Salah, Sanchez all pushing up Rashford through the middle and Martial coming from the left and coming at Arsenal now slightly careless with the pass and after replying kind that one settled Carlton, Jenkinson down at right back first challenge in the game, it's a poor one Jenkinson right back he's been on loan of course at West Ham for a year and a half and did play in a goalless draw here but the greater impression on the memory was him being sent off in that 8-2 defeat very early in his Arsenal career if you think of the first kick of the game that United had Herrera played it back to Phil Jones, it went right straight on top of Carl Jenkinson De Gea has kicked it on top of him as well they're going to test him early on United, there's no doubt about that I think Jose Mourinho would have anticipated who would play right back for Arsenal I'm not sure that Arsene Wenger wasn't pulled out by who would play right back for Manchester United with Valencia recovering here's Rashford Pogba going in no one else there really to pick up any pieces that might have fallen that was a bit late on the scene it was good from Jenkinson he does well against Pogba at the back post because you know he's got a lot of time he has to put him off Valencia down goes Ander Herrera he's sent down by the Egyptian Elneny he's just got his shoulder across him now and it wasn't too much contact played for it Herrera and got it and the prime candidate with the left foot is Juan Mata scored plenty of goals against Arsenal in his Chelsea days they are clever United in short corners and free kicks particularly with Herrera, Mata Pogba's getting involved as well Arsenal, they have to be alert most think something's going to happen Arsenal have not been behind in an away Premier League game this season and could change in a matter of seconds Mata it's not quite back up enough whether he was going across a line that he hoped someone would run across through the hedge for United trying to conch check into thinking he was going to go over the wall he just makes a little step towards his left check but then he just gets round back to the side and then he just gets round back to the side James above Ozil he's been outstanding for Arsenal this evening of course used to play for Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid Pogba driving on hard to knock off the ball almost squeezing it through for Rashford given their record here Gary and you've played in a number of these games these are important early minutes for Arsenal they are, I mean the biggest question mark over Arsenal when they come here is the mentality they haven't won here for 10 years and I have to say the record in November isn't great I've always felt you could get right in about them early on United have started quickly on the front foot Martial that's where we've seen more of Rashford this season they have to get through this first 15-20 against Arsenal and settle into the game Valencia and Ramsey forcing Mata back Pogba losing control and here is Ozil Sanchez trying to flick to where Walcott was to... positioning himself well Sanchez has the shot flicks off Rojo and Arsenal having been penned back for most of the five minutes have a call that was a good little counter attack I don't know what got us through if Sanchez would have been able to get that little backheel through to him Rojo just gets his head on it he's dangerous Ancel goes short on the corner that's in the hands of Monreal Alba deflected in what a number of headers won Sanchez after Walcott had flicked it on what a chance I think that Valencia is gonna win that head I think it's Theo Walcott who has got some really good flick on Phil Jones is playing and Sanchez onside he's in front of Herrera makes a real mess here of it. He's looking behind him, one side. What a chance. Jenkinson. Knowing Mustafi and working with him, Gary, are you surprised he's had a move to a club like Arsenal? Not really, no. I think he's got all the qualities of a top defender. He's still only young, 24, he's 23 obviously. He lacked a little bit of composure in what was a very difficult season, but he's a big talent. Composure from Carrick, stock in trade for him. Koscielny. I think being alongside Koscielny will help him. He's guided through a game. He's hoping there's enough place on that for him to let the ball run, but there wasn't. Rashford presses, and then he helps out. He does really well Koscielny, good composure. Settled the rest of your teammates down that as well. The captain starts making mistakes in those situations, or just kicks it out of play and gives away a throw-in. Pushing the pressure. Ramsey. Picking out Sanchez here. And Walker, who just swept Rolls for a moment. Ramian, who's left-back today. Luke Shaw not in the squad. Elneny. Erzul. Ramian has ventured forward from left-back. Kockalaar keeps it short of Ramsey. Ulch, Url. Kockalaar keeps it short of Ramsey. Sanchez. That's passed two. Now they're hacked away by Marcus Rojo with his weaker foot. What's happening around Sanchez at the moment for Arsenal, get the ball into him. So lively. Here again. Enver. Black. circle. Whitehall. Yes, he's left-back. the message from Valencia Pogba the challenge by Jenkinson really tight on Martial there his home form has been frustrating the draws and games that they really should have uncomfortably stoked with Burnley I don't mean just on paper the way the games panned out as well a lot of shots a lot of good goalkeeping Lee Grant and Tom Heaton Spain colleagues in the international break half score against England Ramsay let's hear from Jamie Redknapp who's up with us on the gantry today Jamie Martin yeah obviously a good start from Manchester United you looked at the pace they've got in the team and it's certainly unsettled this Arsenal defence and he asked them then got so quick to get off his seat and you know get sort of on his haunches he was disappointed with his side and then they found a bit of passage in their play and they've got Sanchez into the game and you can definitely see that main United defence I think Gary would agree there's a bit of anxiety anytime that ball goes near him Jones and Rojo look a little bit nervous and there is there's gonna be a few opportunities for Arsenal here as long as they remain patient and get hold of that ball I think you look at United's team and the front six looks probably one of the best balance we've seen this season but certainly at the back the question mark to that says the home Jones look like a great partnership to prove number 10 the real talent is Arsenal team Carrick bursting into action delighted to be back making his run and a good run and Herrera was in there as well did his job got back in is that defensive midfield player Elneny invites the pressure from Valencia it's actually a good little ball from Valencia perfect for Herrera and Kokelan Reims doing well and getting in front of him Ramsey his name's on the team sheet in all sorts of different ways different positions he can play but a straight swap for Alex Iwobi and then a little bit of a he's got to was a doubt to the morning of the game because of injury because he's expecting a happy event in the family here he is trying to make a happy event for Arsenal really was and if they want to see, they couldn't do a!, have we not, Harry playing dead, like pleasing at that, I talked in the early moments of the game about Arsenal settling down in the mentality, but one thing they'll understand after 30 minutes is there's encouragement for them. They can create dangerous moments in and around the United box. Sanchez, just squeeze it through for Ramsey. Matta. Arsenal have only won three times here in the Premier League years. All of them 1-0. The only times they've scored more than once. They've lost, I mentioned, the 8-2 a couple of times already. Draw a line under that for the Arsenal fans who are listening. And also last season, of course, it was 3-2 to Manchester United. Rashford getting two of those. Here's the Italian, Damian. Martial. Pogba. He's drifted out. Kick out. Pogba. Matta. Herrera. Valencia. Pogba. Great strength. And one of them flat-footed in red. Only they were just admiring the burst from Pogba. Arsenal may be able to burst out themselves. Walcott. He had a ball onto Ozil and thinks Andre Mariner might have taken the ball. More serious action. What is that? These fans will give up during the summer break and it's looking to see towards arrested Makes aいや N stole Ray мне you set you said Machiavelli solution. sure learning how to play as the main man through the middle doesn't stop his energetic approach over energetic his pocket to start with andre mariner looks like he may have stopped short certainly that first movement was to where he has the crowd is out it's the angle of the tackle it's from behind that piece cost him right in front of the referee might think of the incident a minute or so ago when walcott was breaking clear yeah the card was shown herrera of course made his debut for spain at wembley's first full cap and helped them come back from two nil down to draw two two but to upset tottenham's eric dyer i have to say rojo's passing so far has been terrible three or four times it's very nervy on the ball there's valencia again a real appetite once you can get the better of monroe oh he did stop the cross coming in at the expense of the corner into the game well antonio valencia driving down that right-hand side at every opportunity there's valencia running a few steps for padel head high after scott and it's for ferd baboon oh ooh he did you see kevin this move he just steered the ball boot under sehr um the"... 8 16 6 2 5 6 27 Monreal Elneny not wanting to go back to the goalkeeper Monreal for the Mourinho press now played off I think United and Sudo are making the point before the game around the fact that United do have the option to press with the players they have on the pitch today, I think when Rooney's playing up front or even Rich, there's obviously a far bigger problem there but they need to be able to do it Monreal Aaron Ramsey's got a job on his hands here, not just trying to tack past Valencia but make sure he doesn't come out raiding which he has done a couple of impressive times already, it's a poor ball from Coquelin and here's Rashford support starting to arrive Herrera Mata using Rashford as a decoy but now he's found Leander Herrera can line up the cross the flag has gone up Martial might have been the offside player I think it may have been Pogba Pogba was in there as well it looked like Martial came from a deeper run it's an unbelievable cross it really is from Rashford I think it's Pogba just stood offside what a brilliant cross devastating, there's no way Cech can come for that ball sets are forwards look dangerous in the game defences have got to work for it out here one option for Arsenal at right back Mathieu Debussy, remember him he's been injured for most of the season, he played in an under-23 game yesterday and he's got a good shot at it he's got a good shot at it and he's got a good shot at it and he's got a good shot at it scored at Tottenham which is always a good thing for an Arsenal player of course and just this game has come a bit too a bit too soon for him to be a candidate but I guess if Behrin's out for four weeks or so which is the case Jenkinson will have some competition for a more experienced right back here's the left back, Monreal Dirby, very strong ylon he tries to processing the Backid between Ramseyер and Valencia down on his side unless there is a pub ball on there was a little really good skill just comes past talking around with ease just can't pick anybody out Rashford's waiting near the penalty spot Two hook to handle for Arsenal then. That's the ball down. That's with Coquelin. Martial, what a weak one. Cost a lot of money, Anthony Martial. I think that he'll be very grateful that the spotlight is on Wayne Rooney consistently. It's on Zlatan Ibrahimovic because £55 million, he's been getting away with it, really. He's got to produce a lot more. I know he's settling in to the Premier League and he started very well. £55 million, he's going to have to start delivering soon. He doesn't look happy at times when he's playing. He needs more energy, more... more damage in his game. Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Not much in it. Martial was the top scorer here last season in all competitions. Not so much game time under Jose Mourinho. Quite some character, of course, but he's seen as a lucky charm by a lot of United fans. Jones. And goes Elneny. As they're waiting for it to drop. Needs a bit of control. Cover here. And Rocco for... United. He held Arsenal up. He's been drawn out of position. Carrick. That's a great defensive sense as well. He's still dropped in. Simon Beck. Moving a bit. Probably he's almost... As big as those two players on top of each other. So he can look after himself. I think this is going to be about his back between Ramsey and Valencia. We'll soon see who comes out on top in that one. Valencia will give him a tough time going forward. But Ramsey, if you don't stay with one run, he can punish you. He's a goal scorer. Not a good thinker, Antonio Valencia. Sanchez coming deep. Coming into feet again. Ozil. Walcott. Sanchez. Sanchez. That's United's fight to tackle him. That's a ball into the middle. Deeper run from Jenkinson. Comes out for Coquelin. Still waiting for his first Arsenal goal. That's the head is from Valencia. Back in towards the centre of the goal. From the centre, he's in by f brainstorm, 아니야 handlebar. That's7-0 atすごassemti.io 0-0 평가 Back on the touchline today of course, after that ban at Swansea. Guess they'll have to pay a hefty fine. 0-7 Roadman 0-ND Мыrdон 6E0 Евgilson 0-1으로 0-2 caramel 20 Coupes 20 Coupes he's big Carl Jefferson did win one cap for England four years ago now I didn't touch it he had to book it disagrees booking for tonight's today's left back for Manchester United he did touch it but once he gave the foul he had to book it Coquelin Monreal not pushing up too far mindful of what Walcott could possibly do to them the ball dropped over the top Sanchez rolls past Valencia brilliantly done slightly delayed allowing character to get a foot in in by Jenkinson Walcott in there knocked away by Rocco seen a couple of brilliant turns in this game one from Ozil earlier on from Sanchez and one from Pogba in the box just a little bit too far away from goal I think they feed that ball into him in and around the 18 yard box and he can do that that's when they really are in business there aren't too many central strikers even in the Premier League who can do that and that's what he's become Alexis Sanchez Arsenal were concerned he was injured training with Chile missed their first game of the international break then probably against medical advice played in the second game scored two goals virtually did the full 90 minutes and here he is playing in a big clash at Old Trafford just a few days later you like him in your team in your club Alexis Sanchez is tough great appetite to watch him play football You've called my institutional內 pretty, sweet name he can do it bt ten you have three and two three teams two wars Manaus obviously 구's got There might be one another big game who can let the B trees Qu mi by three also the Emirates Stadium just over a year ago they were 3-0 up after 19 minutes so far he's just maybe dropping a little deep to receive the ball and by Pogba again by Rashford another Arsenal free kick Pogba's got to be careful he's one booking away from a suspension here's the deep Alexis Sanchez again he couldn't control this pass let's hear from Jamie Redknapp again Jamie I just want to go back to the point Gary made right at the start of the show when we were talking about how they get manited into the game the first two passes went out to Martial but what I've not seen since is him making the pass to the right wing and then he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful he's got to be careful enough energy enough desire to get on the ball it's been too easy to play against now Gary played right back I think Cole Jenkinson is probably thinking this has been a result for me look once they've got the ball out to him and not showing enough energy and I think you've got to get him in the game he's a match winner in this game but he's not doing enough and I think if you're the right back Gary you'll be delighted so far because they've stopped getting the ball out to Martial yeah I remember the end of last season watching the game I was actually sat over the far side I wasn't working for television and thinking you need to work harder you know he needs to make more runs off the ball and just sort of standing out and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just keep going and just position not really challenging the space at all in the game that's if he doesn't come to his feet he engages definitely when the balls at his feet in there on the box is fantastic he's got to do what do more to get in the game particularly the balls not there is Walcott ball I think I would look forward to is to hear Thierry Henry about Martial at half-time a bit of a mentor to man on the ball here Pogba for Mata can he get it down here because he only would be grateful that he didn't to some extent matters made there's the one he'd like to see Marcial make me the side dangerous one people to mark you it is a great pitching they're skating in a learn two out here still it月 on the 機 Pokemon he goes to get a niece his I'm aoms Famous And Herrera hasn't scored a Premier League goal since Arsenal were last here in February. He's had an argument with Valencia who say that he should. He brought it down and played it wide to me. I'm reminded of what's coming up for you live only on Sky Sports. Chelsea have to extend their run. Middlesbrough found a bit of form and look as though they're adjusting for the Premier League. It should be a good watch. 3.30 Sky Sports 1 on Sunday. Monday night, West Brom who were excellent in winning it. That's the last time they played against Burnley. They've had some good moments on their return to the Premier League as well. Oh, it's short by Carrick. But Walcott... It wasn't that short by Carrick. No, it was good from De Gea though. Any goalkeeper that's not as quick off his line as De Gea would have been in trouble and Walcott would have been in. Poigler... Carrick. When thinks that he will win. He is not as surely the coach who comes up here after hearing about the new Miglia club. Carrick... He got multiple boozers as he moves into the cage. It is obvious. Five hours or so. Walcott, a decent turn. Jenkinson, his strengths really are attacking right back. Coquelin, Elneny. A little bit high. And Damian could be in trouble here. He's got to be careful. He's going to talk to him. One more. Damian's done. He's never quite there. Actually, probably worse than the first one. Studs going into the shin. Jenkinson, he has to be very careful now, Damian. It's always a dangerous decision to make to go in when the ball bounces up like that. You have to go in with your foot high if you're trying to get hold of the ball. You don't. That's what happens there. That's what happens. Not really got in the game yet, Theo Walcott. Eight goals this season in all competitions. He's looking a little bit stronger physically when he's been doing extra work in the gym. Ozil. Frustrating for him so far. His first time. Half an hour. It's not quite happening for him. A couple of nice touches, but... He's not going to be able to find a pass or the moment that the national fans would want. Here's Phil Jones. Rojo. Rojo. Martial's gone through the middle. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Valencia. Herrera. Pogba. Chance to take on Coppola. And, yeah, Monreal has tucked ground on the cover. Now Martial. Valencia. Oh, he's brought down by Monreal now. And Monreal wants a yellow card for a dive. Nor will the Manchester United man. And Mourinho is absolutely living. What? What? What? What? What? Clumsy at best for Monreal. The world's against Jose, according to Jose. Get screwed, it's clumsy. Look again for the leg contact, not the arm contact. I'm not sure, I think you'd have to see more than that. It did look clumsy. He's furious. Ten minutes before half time, it's probably the first flash point, really. I think that's that Burnley game, I was here, where he felt he had two or three big calls go against him. Here's the Herrera, Kaplan. He thought he won the ball for... It looked less of a foul than the one, wasn't giving him the penalty. That's often the way of the world. I'm not sure it was a penalty, I think the referee got it right. There was no definite contact that I could see that you'd think was a trip or something. It did look clumsy for Monreal because... It certainly looked risky. Yeah. Herrera. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot. Of course, Petr Cech knows all about Mata's left foot from their days away. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot. Of course, Petr Cech knows all about Mata's left foot from their days away. Pogba, Mata, lining up on his left foot from their days away. The game's come alive. Pogba does well. Just plays that little slip pass in between midfield and defence, and Mustapha dives in, it's a brilliant save from Cech. and Mustapha dives in, it's a brilliant save from Cech. Rashford to take the corner. Take two. Ah! Is that four? Oh come on! That was Carrick coming in was under Herrera. Valencia looping it forward. Martial, kind of a difficult position and far entirely trying to chase it down. też thì đừng quên c jeg ra chβαea taқ rabbahtain. S modela lấy moje để nói, big minutes these towards the end of the first half not too much in the match Arsenal have stood up and been counted so far which hasn't always been the case in the Premier League games here short from Jenkinson it's interesting maybe we're a bit unbalanced with anyone coming in from their right Ramsey Ramsey here's Sanchez Herzl Jenkinson took over now Elneny Elneny Elneny decides to have a crack with a very short backlift well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well so handsome great just a perfect anyway yeah see it's closed just a SUBSCRIBE is ant yeah a while saying yesterday so a really good save. Gets down low. I always think on penalties, the big question you have to ask yourself, would you like one against you at the other end? And if the answer's no... Jamie, a quick thought from you on the penalty. I'm with you, Gary. I think, you know, it did look a penalty to me. You can see there's a lot of panic, though. I think Monreal panicked, and you can see the reaction then of Coquelin, Elneny, straight to look at the referee. I've got to be honest, I think giving a penalty to Alex Ferguson's manager, though, Gary, I like to think so. There's a lot of bitter and twisted ex-footballers around who played here on the wrong end of results. I think that's the way Jose Mourinho feels. Well, you might put to him that Damien could have been sent off. No, he couldn't. So, for a second, yellow. 0-0. Five minutes to go to half-time. Here's Valencia to take the game by the scruff of its neck again. Ramsey, that's risky. Herrera might be punished for this, Aaron Ramsey. Klopper, Martial. And Cech has to reach up, make sure he gets over the bar by his hand. I think this is where he is really good, Martial, when he's driving into the box, and you know he's going to set it out and try and bend it into that far corner. And it's where good goalkeepers, they read what's going to happen, they anticipate, they put themselves in a good area, Cech. It's comfortable for him in the end. Arsenal being tested again here. And the zone are all over, apart from Mustafi who's picking up Pogba. Cech is pushing it out to Martial. Probably either side of Cech that might have gone in, but he must have got a reasonable view of it. Hits it really well, Martial. It's a tough one for Cech. He has to get back in his goal after the punch. There's a bit of cover. Cech's left on the post. That's a brave header by Mustafi. Pogba. Pogba. Carrick. And the ball again by Pogba to the dangerous Valencia. Goes on the inside this time. Mata. Mata. Mata. And it's in trickery. And supplied it. And Alexis Sanchez caught it. And Arsenal kind of play on the counter here. But it just wasn't the service that Walcott really needs. Rojo hasn't always looked to be a chosen ringer player and they managed a short time here. But he needs him now and he did well there. And they chose him over daily bling there's a game they played the games have played together where two levels at centre-back and see Jordan really you know wasn't happy with that pair but stuck with Rojo after left bling on the bench has been a way of playing for his country playing for his dad of course he's equal to Danny Blin's 42 caps now the rocker hasn't been with the Argentineos left out of the recent squad Elneny narrow to early Theo Walcott quite a few times in his first half you see where he stood right take a picture highest up the field for Arsenal almost a centre forward I always think his best when he's making those late runs in that right-shifter channel rather than being stood in there having to receive it with his back to goal there was a gap in the central striking position when Alexis Sanchez drops that deep Jenkinson himself a little ball roll forward he goes back instead to Mustafi Sanchez again really deep and then he's centre forward and Sanchez is midfield can't be right and Rashid that's passed to Sanchez first came Coquelin with a timely tackle that was good from Coquelin good challenge good saves by Petr Cech the word panic was used a few minutes ago and the one moment of panic came when Monreal make contact with Valencia in the penalty area Andre Mariner turned down the strong Manchester United appeals that's a good save by Petr Cech and a minute Michael Oliver fourth official duties today there's no doubt he did put his arm out towards Valencia Monreal it's that question of intent and whether it's enough to be able to give a penalty I wasn't comfortable with it Sanchez again too narrow for Walcott again very hard give away how many Sasha d'Arnaud SH affects Sanchez Peter Sanchez again there's no doubt half-time Arsenal has meant to instruct Sanchez to stay higher is this side of Manchester United midfield far too often And that's why we look for man corona good for United